{\rtf \li720 \fi-720 \sl240 \slmult1 \sa0 Aaboe, A. 1969. {\i{}A Computed List of New Moons for 319 B.C. to 316 B.C. from Babylon: B.M. 40094.} Vol. {\i{}37,3}. Kopenhagen: Munksgaard.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1977. \uc0\u8220{}A Computed Cuneiform Text for Mercury from Babylon: B.M. 48147.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Prismata. Naturwissenschaftliche Studien.}, edited by Y. Maeyama and W.G. Saltzer, 1\uc0\u8211{}8. Wiesbaden: unknown.\
Aaboe, A., and N.T. Hamilton. 1979. {\i{}Contributions to the Study of Babylonian Lunar Theory.} Vol. {\i{}40,6}. Kopenhagen: unknown.\
Aaboe, A., and I. Huber. 1977. \uc0\u8220{}A Text Concerning the Subdivision of the Synodic Motion of Venus from Babylon: BM 37151.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Memoirs of the Connecticut Academy of Arts and Sciences} 19: 1\uc0\u8211{}4.\
Aaboe, A., and A.J. Sachs. 1969. \uc0\u8220{}Two Lunar Texts of the Achaemenian Period from Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Centaurus} 14: 1\uc0\u8211{}22.\
Abdul-Kadir, H.A. 1979. \uc0\u8220{}Excavation at the eastern tell in Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 35: 126\uc0\u8211{}120.\
Abdul-Razzak, W. 1979. \uc0\u8220{}Ishtar Gate and its inner wall.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 35: 117\uc0\u8211{}114.\
Abdul-Razzaq, W. 1985. \uc0\u8220{}Ishtar gate and wall the inner.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 41: 19\uc0\u8211{}20.\
Abraham, K. 1995. \uc0\u8220{}The end of Marduk-n\uc0\u257{}\uc0\u7779{}ir-apli\uc0\u8217{}s career as business-man and scribe. New evidence from unpublished Egibi texts in the British Museum.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Immigration and Emigration within the Ancient Near East: Festschrift E. Lipi\uc0\u324{}ski.}, edited by K. Van Lerberghe and A.H. Schoors, 65:1\uc0\u8211{}9. Leuven: Peeters.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1997a. \uc0\u8220{}\uc0\u352{}u\uc0\u353{}an in the Egibi Texts from the Time of Marduk-n\uc0\u257{}\uc0\u7779{}ir-apli.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Orientalia Lovaniensia Periodica} 28: 55\uc0\u8211{}85.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1997b. \uc0\u8220{}TCL 13 193: \uc0\u352{}u\uc0\u353{}an and B\uc0\u257{}\uc0\u7779{}. 1997/53.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nouvelles Assyriologiques Br\uc0\u232{}ves et Utilitaires} 1997\uc0\u8211{}2: 46\uc0\u8211{}51.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2002. \uc0\u8220{}Property and Ownership in the Egibi Family (In Hebrew).\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Eretz-Israel. Archaeological, Historical and Geographical Studies} 26: 1\uc0\u8211{}9.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2004. {\i{}Business and Politics under the Persian Empire. The Financial Dealings of Marduk-n\uc0\u257{}\uc0\u7779{}ir-apli of the House of Egibi (521-487 B.C.E.).} Bethesda, MD: unknown.\
Abusch, T., W. Moran, J. Huehnergard, and P. Steinkeller, eds. 1990. {\i{}Lingering over Words.} Vol. {\i{}37}. Atlanta: unknown.\
Adam, J. 1994. \uc0\u8220{}Untersuchungen an Asphaltm\uc0\u246{}rtel von der Prozessionsstrasse in Babylon/Irak.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Handwerk und Technologie im Alten Orient.}, edited by Ralf B. Wartke, 1\uc0\u8211{}2. Mainz: unknown.\
Al-Bayati, A. 1985. \uc0\u8220{}The Babylonian House.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 41: 71\uc0\u8211{}72.\
Albemarle, G.T. 1827. {\i{}Personal Narrative of a Journey from India to England, by Bussorah, Bagdad, the ruins of Babylon ... in the Year 1824.} London: unknown.\
Albrecht, S. 2000. \uc0\u8220{}Der Turm zu Babel als bildlicher Mythos. Malerei - Graphik - Architektur.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon: Focus mesopotamischer Geschichte, Wiege fr\uc0\u252{}her Gelehrsamkeit, Mythos in der Moderne.}, edited by Johannes Renger, 2:553\uc0\u8211{}574. Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cken: Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cker SDV.\
Alexander, C. 1928. {\i{}Baghdad in Begone Days. From the Journals and Correspondence of Claudius Rich, Traveler, Artist, Linguist, Antiquary, and British Resident at Baghdad, 1808-1821.} London: unknown.\
Al-Ghabban, A. 2008. \uc0\u8220{}L\uc0\u8217{}influence de Babylone \uc0\u224{} Tayma et dans sa r\uc0\u233{}gion \uc0\u224{} la lumi\uc0\u232{}re des d\uc0\u233{}couvertes archa\uc0\u233{}ologiques r\uc0\u233{}centes.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 231\uc0\u8211{}232. Paris: Hazan.\
Al-Hassani, S. 1985. \uc0\u8220{}Archaeological Revival of Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 44: 160-.\
Ali, S.M. 1985. \uc0\u8220{}The southern palace.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 41: 52\uc0\u8211{}54.\
Al-Kaissi, B. 1984. \uc0\u8220{}Mural Paintings and Pigments in Iraq.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 43: 168\uc0\u8211{}174.\
Al-Kassar, A. 1985. \uc0\u8220{}Excavations of the northern part of the procession street: Views and conclusions.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 41: 137\uc0\u8211{}138.\
Allard, S. 2008a. \uc0\u8220{}Babylone au th\uc0\u233{}\uc0\u226{}tre.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 476\uc0\u8211{}481. Paris: Hazan.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008b. \uc0\u8220{}Deux figures de la transgression: S\uc0\u233{}miramis et Nabuchodonosor.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 482\uc0\u8211{}484. Paris: Hazan.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008c. \uc0\u8220{}Intol\uc0\u233{}rance de D.W. Griffith: Babylone enfin ressuscit\uc0\u233{}e.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 498\uc0\u8211{}500. Paris: Hazan.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008d. \uc0\u8220{}La tour de Babel du XVIe au XVIII si\uc0\u232{}cle.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 456-. Paris: Hazan.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008e. \uc0\u8220{}Le mythe de Babylone du XVIe au XIXe si\uc0\u232{}cle.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 437\uc0\u8211{}453. Paris: Hazan.\
Allard, S., and B. Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini. 2008. \uc0\u8220{}De l\uc0\u8217{}int\uc0\u233{}r\uc0\u232{}t et de la difficult\uc0\u233{} d\uc0\u8217{}une exposition sur Babylone.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 14\uc0\u8211{}15. Paris: Hazan.\
Allinger-Csollich, W. 1998. \uc0\u8220{}Birs Nimrud II. \uc0\u8216{}Tieftempel\uc0\u8217{} - \uc0\u8216{}Hochtempel\uc0\u8217{}. Vergleichende Studien Borsippa - Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Baghdader Mitteilungen} 29: 95\uc0\u8211{}330.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2005. \uc0\u8220{}Die Gr\uc0\u246{}sse und Lage der Heiligt\uc0\u252{}mer im Esagil von Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Von Sumer bis Homer. Festschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Manfred Schretter zum 60. Geburtstag am 23. Februar 2004.}, edited by Robert Rollinger, 325:7\uc0\u8211{}19. M\uc0\u252{}nster: Ugarit Verlag.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008. \uc0\u8220{}Der Turm von Babel - Idee und Nachleben.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon Wahrheit.}, edited by Joachim Marzahn and G\uc0\u252{}nter Schauerte, 567\uc0\u8211{}584. M\uc0\u252{}nchen: Hirmer.\
Allsopp, P.D., and B. Brooks-Pfeiffer. 2013. \uc0\u8220{}Le projet de la \uc0\u8216{}Nouvelle Babylone\uc0\u8217{} de Frank Lloyd Wright (Frank Lloyd Wright\uc0\u8217{}s Masterplan for the City of Baghdad).\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}La tour de Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 165\uc0\u8211{}180. Rom: unknown.\
Al-Mutawalli, N. 1999. \uc0\u8220{}A New Foundation Cylinder from the Temple of Nab\uc0\u251{} \uc0\u353{}a \uc0\u7723{}ar\uc0\u234{}.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Iraq} 61: 191\uc0\u8211{}194.\
Al-Qaysi, R.M. 1999. \uc0\u8220{}A brief history of Babylon (restoration works).\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 50: 102-.\
Al-Qit, R. 1981. \uc0\u8220{}New Texts from Babylon (I).\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 37: 62\uc0\u8211{}66.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1982. \uc0\u8220{}New texts from Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 38: 103\uc0\u8211{}119.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1985. \uc0\u8220{}Specimens of clay tablets discovered in Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 41: 141\uc0\u8211{}143.\
Al-Rawi, F. 1981. \uc0\u8220{}A Fragment of a Cylinder of Adad-apla-iddina (1069-1048 B.C.).\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 37: 116\uc0\u8211{}117.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1985a. \uc0\u8220{}Nabopolassar\uc0\u8217{}s Restoration Work on the Wall Imgur-Enlil at Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Iraq} 47: 1\uc0\u8211{}13.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1985b. \uc0\u8220{}New historical documents from Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 41: 23\uc0\u8211{}26.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1991. \uc0\u8220{}More Royal Inscriptions from Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Annual Review of the Royal Inscriptions of Mesopotamia Project} 9: 1\uc0\u8211{}10.\
Al-Salihi, I. 1985. \uc0\u8220{}Preliminary report on the excavations of the residential area south of the Ishtar temple.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 41: 139\uc0\u8211{}140.\
Al-Suba\uc0\u8216{}ai, A.A. 1985. \uc0\u8220{}Ishtar Tempel and Residence Quater West of the Temple.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 41: 63\uc0\u8211{}66.\
Altaner, B., and K. Galling. 1950. \uc0\u8220{}Art. Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Reallexikon f\uc0\u252{}r Antike und Christentum}, edited by Theodor Klauser and Ernst Dassmann, 1118\uc0\u8211{}1134. Stuttgart: unknown.\
Altenm\uc0\u252{}ller, H. 2010. \uc0\u8220{}Bemerkungen zum Ostfeldzug Ptolemaios\uc0\u8217{} III. nach Babylon und in die Susiana im Jahre 246/245.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Festschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Gernot Wilhelm anl\uc0\u228{}\uc0\u223{}lich seines 65. Geburtstages 28. Januar 2010}, edited by Janett Fincke, 27\uc0\u8211{}44. Dresden: ISLET.\
Ambos, C. 2004. {\i{}Mesopotamische Baurituale aus dem 1. Jahrtausend v. Chr.} Dresden: unknown.\
Andrae, W. 1902. \uc0\u8220{}Die glasierten Ziegel von der S\uc0\u252{}dburg des Kasr.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 13: 1\uc0\u8211{}12.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1925. \uc0\u8220{}Robert Koldewey.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Berliner Museen. Berichte aus den Preussischen Kunstsammlungen. Beiblatt zum Jahrbuch der Preussischen Kunstsammlungen} XLVI. Jahrgang.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1926. \uc0\u8220{}Altmesopotamische Zikkurat-Darstellungen.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 64: 32\uc0\u8211{}54.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1927. \uc0\u8220{}Reise nach Babylon zur Teilung der Babylon-Funde.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 65: 7\uc0\u8211{}27.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1928. \uc0\u8220{}Von der Arbeit an den Altert\uc0\u252{}mern aus Assur und Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 66: 19\uc0\u8211{}28.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1930. \uc0\u8220{}Die Stadtmauern von Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 68: 3\uc0\u8211{}17.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1932. \uc0\u8220{}Der Babylonische Turm.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 71: 1\uc0\u8211{}11.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1937. \uc0\u8220{}Das Vorderasiatische Museum.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Amtliche Berichte der Berliner Museen} 1937: 34\uc0\u8211{}35.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1952. {\i{}Babylon: Die versunkene Weltstadt und ihr Ausgr\uc0\u228{}ber Robert Koldewey.} Berlin: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1961. {\i{}Lebenserinnerungen eines Ausgr\uc0\u228{}bers.} Berlin: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1988. {\i{}Lebenserinnerungen eines Ausgr\uc0\u228{}bers.} Stuttgart: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1990. \uc0\u8220{}Das Kleinod von Babylon. L\uc0\u246{}wenstrasse, Ischtar-Tor und Thronsaalfront.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Das wieder erstehende Babylon.}, edited by Robert Koldewey, 343\uc0\u8211{}352. Berlin & M\uc0\u252{}nchen: Beck.\
Andrae, W., and R.M. Boehmer. 1989. {\i{}Bilder eines Ausgr\uc0\u228{}ber. Die Orientbilder von Walter Andrae 1898-1919.} Berlin: unknown.\
Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, B. 2008a. \uc0\u8220{}Avant Babylone: les mod\uc0\u232{}les de la repr\uc0\u233{}sentation royale.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 30\uc0\u8211{}35. Paris: Hazan.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}, ed. 2008b. {\i{}Babylone.} Paris: Hazan.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008c. \uc0\u8220{}Compte rendu d\uc0\u8217{}observations astronomiques, pr\uc0\u233{}sages et r\uc0\u233{}cit de la bataille de Gaugam\uc0\u232{}les entre Alexandre le Grand et Darios III Codoman.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 293-. Paris: Hazan.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008d. \uc0\u8220{}Das Erbe von Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon Wahrheit.}, edited by Joachim Marzahn and G\uc0\u252{}nter Schauerte, 29\uc0\u8211{}37. M\uc0\u252{}nchen: Hirmer.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008e. \uc0\u8220{}Fr\uc0\u252{}heste historische Erw\uc0\u228{}hnungen und Gr\uc0\u252{}ndungsmythen.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon Wahrheit.}, edited by Joachim Marzahn and G\uc0\u252{}nter Schauerte, 101\uc0\u8211{}104. M\uc0\u252{}nchen: Hirmer.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008f. \uc0\u8220{}Inventaire des sources (Babylone au temps de Hammurabi).\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 39\uc0\u8211{}45. Paris: Hazan.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008g. \uc0\u8220{}La diffusion de la langue et de la culture babylonienne \uc0\u224{} l\uc0\u8217{}\uc0\u233{}poque m\uc0\u233{}dio-babylonienne (vers 1500-1200 av. J.-C.).\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 301-. Paris: Hazan.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008h. \uc0\u8220{}La fonction royale et sa repr\uc0\u233{}sentation.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 46\uc0\u8211{}47. Paris: Hazan.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008i. \uc0\u8220{}La ville au temps de Nabuchodonosor II: plan et monuments.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 161\uc0\u8211{}168. Paris: Hazan.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008j. \uc0\u8220{}Le \uc0\u8216{}cylindre de Cyrus.\uc0\u8217{}\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 249-. Paris: Hazan.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008k. \uc0\u8220{}Le Code de Hammurabi.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 48\uc0\u8211{}50. Paris: Hazan.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008l. \uc0\u8220{}Les \uc0\u8216{}lois\uc0\u8217{} du Code de Hammurabi.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 98\uc0\u8211{}101. Paris: Hazan.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008m. \uc0\u8220{}Les premi\uc0\u232{}res mentions historiques et la l\uc0\u233{}gende des origines.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 27\uc0\u8211{}29. Paris: Hazan.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008n. \uc0\u8220{}Nabuchodonosor II: portrait du roi.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 148\uc0\u8211{}149. Paris: Hazan.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008o. \uc0\u8220{}Reliefs inscrits de Nabuchodonosor II au wadi Brisa (Liban).\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 233-. Paris: Hazan.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008p. \uc0\u8220{}Source en langue grecque \uc0\u233{}crite par un auteur babylonien: l\uc0\u8217{}oeuvre de B\uc0\u233{}rose.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 434\uc0\u8211{}435. Paris: Hazan.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008q. \uc0\u8220{}Sources bibliques.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 426\uc0\u8211{}429. Paris: Hazan.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008r. \uc0\u8220{}Sources classiques (grecques et latines).\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 430\uc0\u8211{}434. Paris: Hazan.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008s. \uc0\u8220{}Voyageurs et historiens-g\uc0\u233{}ographes orientaux.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 554\uc0\u8211{}554. Paris: Hazan.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008t. \uc0\u8220{}Voyageurs occidentaux.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 555-. Paris: Hazan.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2013a. \uc0\u8220{}\uc0\u8216{}Babylone\uc0\u8217{}. Probl\uc0\u233{}matiques et images d\uc0\u8217{}une exposition.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}La tour de Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 181\uc0\u8211{}200. Rom: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2013b. \uc0\u8220{}Introduction. De la r\uc0\u233{}alit\uc0\u233{} architecturale de Babylone.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}La tour de Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 13\uc0\u8211{}28. Rom: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}, ed. 2013c. {\i{}La tour de Babylone.} Rom: unknown.\
Annus, A. 2006. \uc0\u8220{}Bardai\uc0\u7779{}an\uc0\u8217{}s Paradise on Top of the Ziggurat. 2006/78.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nouvelles Assyriologiques Br\uc0\u232{}ves et Utilitaires} 2006\uc0\u8211{}4: 79\uc0\u8211{}80.\
anonymous. 1812. \uc0\u8220{}Babel Schicksal in sechs Rhapsodien.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sulamith} 1: 122\uc0\u8211{}142.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1899a. \uc0\u8220{}Die ordentliche Hauptversammlung der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft vom 8. Mai d. J., 1 bis 1.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 2: 1\uc0\u8211{}3.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1899b. \uc0\u8220{}Sitzung des Vorstandes am 15. Mai 1898.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 1: 1\uc0\u8211{}6.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1899c. \uc0\u8220{}Sitzung des Vorstandes am 28. Januar 1899.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 1: 7\uc0\u8211{}10.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1899d. \uc0\u8220{}Sitzung des wissenschaftlichen Beiraths am 2. Juni 1898.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 1: 6\uc0\u8211{}7.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1918. \uc0\u8220{}Vereinsnachrichten.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 59: 39\uc0\u8211{}40.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1926. \uc0\u8220{}Nachruf f\uc0\u252{}r Herrn Robert Koldewey 1925.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 64: 1\uc0\u8211{}3.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1956. \uc0\u8220{}The Greek Theatre at Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 12: 92-.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1972. \uc0\u8220{}Excavations in Iraq 1971-72. Iraqi: Greek Theatre, Marduk Gate, NW of I\uc0\u353{}tar of Agade Temple. German: b\uc0\u299{}t ak\uc0\u299{}ti.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Iraq} 34: 139\uc0\u8211{}150.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1983. \uc0\u8220{}Babylon (Bibliography).\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Archiv f\uc0\u252{}r Orientforschung} 29/30: 216\uc0\u8211{}217.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1999. \uc0\u8220{}Recent Excavations in Iraq (Babylon).\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Iraq} 61: 196-.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008a. \uc0\u8220{}\uc0\u8216{}St\uc0\u232{}le d\uc0\u8217{}Adad-Guppi\uc0\u8217{} (m\uc0\u232{}re de Nabonide) \uc0\u224{} Harran.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 237-. Paris: Hazan.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008b. \uc0\u8220{}Koldewey-Bibliographie.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Auf dem Weg nach Babylon.}, edited by Ralf B. Wartke, 188\uc0\u8211{}189. Mainz: Zabern.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008c. \uc0\u8220{}La prise de Jerusalem et la d\uc0\u233{}portation.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 236-. Paris: Hazan.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008d. \uc0\u8220{}Travaux de Nabuchodonosor II (605-562 av. J.-C.) \uc0\u224{} Babylone.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 234\uc0\u8211{}236. Paris: Hazan.\
antiquit\uc0\u233{}s., Francia.H., ed. 1939. {\i{}M\uc0\u233{}langes syriens offerts \uc0\u224{} Monsieur Ren\uc0\u233{} Dussaud par ses amis et ses \uc0\u233{}l\uc0\u232{}ves.} Vol. {\i{}30}. Paris: P. Geuthner.\
Aro, S. 2010. \uc0\u8220{}Luwians in Aleppo?\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}ipamati kistamati pari tumatimis. Luwian and Hittite Studies Presented to J. David Hawkins on the Occasion of his 70th Birthday.}, edited by I. Singer, 1\uc0\u8211{}9. Tel Aviv: unknown.\
Arouet, F.-M. 2008a. \uc0\u8220{}Louis S\uc0\u233{}bastien Mercier, Mon bonnet de nuit (1784).\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 501-. Paris: Hazan.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008b. \uc0\u8220{}Voltaire, Essai sur les moeurs et l\uc0\u8217{}esprit des nations (1756). Extrait de l\uc0\u8217{}introduction , X: les Chald\uc0\u233{}ens.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 501-. Paris: Hazan.\
Baker, H. 1995. \uc0\u8220{}Neo-Babylonian Burials revisited.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Archiv f\uc0\u252{}r Orientforschung Beiheft} 30: 209-.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1997. \uc0\u8220{}Review of Beaulieu, Paul-Alain, Late Babylonian Texts in the Nies Babylonian Collection 13.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Archiv f\uc0\u252{}r Orientforschung} 44/45: 425\uc0\u8211{}426.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1998. \uc0\u8220{}Review of C. Wunsch, Die Urkunden des babylonischen Gesch\uc0\u228{}ftsmannes Iddin-Marduk, I-II.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Bibliotheca Orientalia} 55: 196\uc0\u8211{}204.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2004a. \uc0\u8220{}Casting off the fetters\uc0\u8239{}: BM 41449 reconsidered. 2004/89.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nouvelles Assyriologiques Br\uc0\u232{}ves et Utilitaires} 2004\uc0\u8211{}4: 89\uc0\u8211{}90.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2004b. \uc0\u8220{}OIP 122 12\uc0\u8239{}: some remarks. 2004/90.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nouvelles Assyriologiques Br\uc0\u232{}ves et Utilitaires} 2004\uc0\u8211{}4: 90-.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2004c. {\i{}The Archive of the Napp\uc0\u257{}\uc0\u7723{}u Family.} Vol. {\i{}30}. Wien: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008a. \uc0\u8220{}Babylon in 424 BC: the excavated archival tablets as a source for urban history.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Zeitschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Assyriologie} 98: 100\uc0\u8211{}116.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008b. \uc0\u8220{}The layout of the ziggurat temple at Babylon. 2008/27.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nouvelles Assyriologiques Br\uc0\u232{}ves et Utilitaires} 2008\uc0\u8211{}2: 37\uc0\u8211{}38.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2009a. \uc0\u8220{}A Waste of Space? Unbuildt Land in the Babylonian Cities of the First Millennium BC.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Iraq} 71: 89\uc0\u8211{}98.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2009b. \uc0\u8220{}Correction to NABU 2008/27. 2009/49.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nouvelles Assyriologiques Br\uc0\u232{}ves et Utilitaires} 2009\uc0\u8211{}3: 65\uc0\u8211{}66.\
Baker, H., E. Robson, and G. Zolyomi, eds. 2010. {\i{}Your Praise is Sweet: A memorial volume for Jeremy Black from students, collegues and friends}. London: British Institute for the Study of Iraq.\
Baker, H., and C. Wunsch. 2001. \uc0\u8220{}Neo-Babylonian notaries and their use of seals.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Seals and Seal Impressions.}, edited by I.J. Winter and W.W. Hallo, 45:197\uc0\u8211{}213. Bethesda, MD: unknown.\
Bakker, E., I.J.F. Jong, and H. Wees, eds. 2002. {\i{}Brill\uc0\u8217{}s Companion to Herodotus.} Leiden: unknown.\
Baqir, T. 1961. \uc0\u8220{}Foreword.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 17: 6\uc0\u8211{}7.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1979. \uc0\u8220{}The ziggurat of Babylon and the problems involved in its reconstruction.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 35: 248d\uc0\u8211{}248a.\
Barnett, R.D. 1972. \uc0\u8220{}Sir Robert Ker Porter - Recengy Artist and Traveller.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Iran} 10: 19\uc0\u8211{}24.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1974. \uc0\u8220{}Charles Bellino and the beginnings of Assyriology.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Iraq} 36: 5\uc0\u8211{}28.\
Battini, L. 1997. \uc0\u8220{}Les syst\uc0\u232{}mes d\uc0\u233{}fensifs \uc0\u224{} Babylone.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Akkadica} 104\uc0\u8211{}5: 24\uc0\u8211{}57.\
Beaulieu, P.-A. 1989. {\i{}The Reign of Nabonidus, King of Babylon 556-539 B.C..} Vol. {\i{}10}. New Haven, CT: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1991. \uc0\u8220{}Egg Offerings for the Gods of Babylon. 1991/79.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nouvelles Assyriologiques Br\uc0\u232{}ves et Utilitaires} 1991\uc0\u8211{}3: 50\uc0\u8211{}52.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1993. \uc0\u8220{}An Episode in the Fall of Babylon to the Persians.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Journal of Near Eastern Studies} 52: 241\uc0\u8211{}261.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1994. {\i{}Late Babylonian Texts in the Nies Babylonian Collection 13.} Vol. {\i{}1}. Bethesda, MD: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1997. \uc0\u8220{}A New Inscription of Nebuchadnezzar II Commemorating the Restoration of Ema\uc0\u7723{} in Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Iraq} 59: 93\uc0\u8211{}96.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1998. \uc0\u8220{}Ba\uc0\u8217{}u-as\uc0\u299{}tu and Ka\uc0\u353{}\uc0\u353{}aya, daughters of Nebuchadnezzar II.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Orientalia} 67: 173\uc0\u8211{}201.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2001. {\i{}Legal and administrative texts from the reign of Nabonidus.} Vol. {\i{}19}. New Haven, CT: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2002. \uc0\u8220{}Ea-day\uc0\u257{}n, Governor of the Sealand, and Other Dignitaries of the Neo-Babylonian Empire.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Journal of Cuneiform Studies} 54: 99\uc0\u8211{}123.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2003. \uc0\u8220{}Nabopolassar and the antiquity of Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Archaeological, Historical and Geographical Studies. Hayim and Miriam Tadmor Volume.}, edited by Israel Eph\uc0\u8217{}al, A. Ben-Tor, and Peter Machinist, 27:1\uc0\u8211{}9. Jerusalem: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2005. \uc0\u8220{}Eanna\uc0\u8217{}s contribution to the construction of the North Palace at Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Approaching the Babylonian Economy.}, edited by Michael Jursa and Heather Baker, 330:43\uc0\u8211{}73. M\uc0\u252{}nster: Ugarit Verlag.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2006. \uc0\u8220{}De l\uc0\u8217{}Esagil au Mouseion: l\uc0\u8217{}organisation de la recherche scientifique au Ive s. av. J.-C.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}La transition entre l\uc0\u8217{}empire ach\uc0\u233{}m\uc0\u233{}nide et les royaumes hell\uc0\u233{}nistiques (vers 350-300 av. J.-C.).}, edited by P. Briant and Friedrich Joann\uc0\u232{}s, 9:17\uc0\u8211{}36. Paris: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008a. \uc0\u8220{}\uc0\u201{}critures et langues \uc0\u224{} Babylone au Ier mill\uc0\u233{}naires av. J.-C.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 311\uc0\u8211{}313. Paris: Hazan.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008b. \uc0\u8220{}La fondation de l\uc0\u8217{}empire n\uc0\u233{}o-babylonien et le r\uc0\u232{}gne de Nabuchodonosor II.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 145\uc0\u8211{}147. Paris: Hazan.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008c. \uc0\u8220{}Les successeurs de Nabuchodonosor II (la fin des dynasties indig\uc0\u232{}nes \uc0\u224{} Babylone).\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 150\uc0\u8211{}152. Paris: Hazan.\
Beaulieu, P.-A., T. Abusch, J. Huehnergard, P. Machinist, and P. Steinkeller, eds. 2001. {\i{}Historiography in the Cuneiform World.} Vol. {\i{}45}. Bethesda, MD: unknown.\
Becker, A., and U. Becker. 1991. \uc0\u8220{}\uc0\u8216{}Altes\uc0\u8217{} und \uc0\u8216{}Neues\uc0\u8217{} Babylon?\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Baghdader Mitteilungen} 22: 501\uc0\u8211{}511.\
Beek, M.A., and F. B\uc0\u246{}hl, eds. 1973. {\i{}Symbolae biblicae et mesopotamicae Francisco Mario Theodoro de Liagre B\uc0\u246{}hl dedicatae.} Leiden: Brill.\
Beljawski, V.A. 1971. \uc0\u8220{}Den Politische Kampf in Babylon in den Jahren 562-556 v. Chr.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Beitr\uc0\u228{}ge zu Geschichte, Kultur und Religion des Alten Orients. In memoriam Eckhard Unger.}, edited by Manfred Lurker, 197\uc0\u8211{}215. Baden-Baden: unknown.\
Bembo, A. 2005. {\i{}Viaggio e giornale per parte dell\uc0\u8217{}Asia di quattro anni incirca fatto da me Ambrosio Bembonobile veneto. (Disegni di Joseph Guillaume Grelot).} Vol. {\i{}10}. Toronto: unknown.\
Bergamini, G. 1977. \uc0\u8220{}Levels of Babylon reconsidered.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mesopotamia} 12: 111\uc0\u8211{}152.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1987. \uc0\u8220{}Parthian fortifications in Mesopotamia.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mesopotamia} 22: 195\uc0\u8211{}214.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1988. \uc0\u8220{}Excavations in Shu-Anna, Babylon 1987.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mesopotamia} 23: 5\uc0\u8211{}17.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1990. \uc0\u8220{}Preliminary Report on the 1988-1989 Operations at Babylon, Shu-Anna.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mesopotamia} 25: 5\uc0\u8211{}12.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1994. \uc0\u8220{}Preliminary Report on the 1989 Season of Excavations at Babylon, Iraq.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 47: 30\uc0\u8211{}34.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008. \uc0\u8220{}La mission italienne, 1974-1989.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 529\uc0\u8211{}531. Paris: Hazan.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2011. \uc0\u8220{}Babylon in the Achaemenid and Hellenistic period: the changing landscape of a myth.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mesopotamia} 46: 23\uc0\u8211{}34.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2013. \uc0\u8220{}Fondations dans l\uc0\u8217{}eau. R\uc0\u233{}flexions \uc0\u224{} la suite des recherches et des fouilles arch\uc0\u233{}ologiques italiennes \uc0\u224{} Babylone.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}La tour de Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 43\uc0\u8211{}63. Rom: unknown.\
Berger, P.-R. 1970. \uc0\u8220{}Das Neujahrsfest nach den K\uc0\u246{}nigsinschriften des ausgehenden babylonischen Reiches.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Actes de la XVIIe Rencontre Assyriologique Internationale. Universit\uc0\u233{} libre de Bruxelles, 30 juin-4 juillet 1969.}, edited by A. Finet, 17:155\uc0\u8211{}159. Ham-sur-Heure: Comit\uc0\u233{} M\uc0\u233{}sopotamie.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1973. {\i{}Die neubabylonischen K\uc0\u246{}nigsinschriften. K\uc0\u246{}nigsinschriften des ausgehenden babylonischen Reiches (626-539 a. Chr.).} Vol. {\i{}4/1}. Neukirchen-Vluyn: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1975. \uc0\u8220{}Der Kyros-Zylinder mit dem Zusatzfragment BIN II Nr. 32 und die akkadischen Personennamen in Danielbuch.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Zeitschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Assyriologie} 64: 192\uc0\u8211{}234.\
Bergmann, E. 1953. {\i{}Codex \uc0\u7722{}ammurabi. Textus primigenius.} Vol. {\i{}51,1}. Rom: Romae Pont. Inst. Biblicum.\
Berktold, M.M. 2005. \uc0\u8220{}Die Astronomischen Tageb\uc0\u252{}cher - eine Quelle zur Frage von Kontinuit\uc0\u228{}t oder Wandel in Kult und Wirtschaft des achaimenidischen Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Von Sumer bis Homer. Festschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Manfred Schretter zum 60. Geburtstag am 23. Februar 2004.}, edited by Robert Rollinger, 325:105\uc0\u8211{}152. M\uc0\u252{}nster: Ugarit Verlag.\
Berlin Preu\uc0\u223{}ischer Kulturbesitz, S.M., ed. 2000. {\i{}Vorderasiatisches Museum Berlin. Geschichte und Gesichten zum hundertj\uc0\u228{}hrigen Bestehen.} Berlin: Staatliche Museen Berlin Preu\uc0\u223{}ischer Kulturbesitz.\
biblico, P.I., ed. 1935. {\i{}Miscellanea orientalia\uc0\u8239{}: dedicata Antonio Deimel annos LXX complenti.} Vol. {\i{}12}. Rom: Pontificio Istituto Biblico.\
Bichler, R. 2004. \uc0\u8220{}Some Observations on the Image of Assyrian and Babylonian Kingdoms within the Greek Tradition.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Commerce and Monetary Systems in the Ancient World: Means of Transmission and Cultural Interaction.}, edited by C. Ulf and Robert Rollinger, 6:499\uc0\u8211{}518. Stuttgart: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2005. \uc0\u8220{}Die H\uc0\u228{}ngenden Garten zu Ninive - Die L\uc0\u246{}sung eines R\uc0\u228{}tsels?\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Von Sumer bis Homer. Festschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Manfred Schretter zum 60. Geburtstag am 23. Februar 2004.}, edited by Robert Rollinger, 325:153\uc0\u8211{}218. M\uc0\u252{}nster: Ugarit Verlag.\
Biga, M.G. 2011. \uc0\u8220{}Babylon and beyond Babylon in the first half of the 2nd millennium BC.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mesopotamia} 46: 35\uc0\u8211{}40.\
Biggs, R. 1994. \uc0\u8220{}\uc0\u352{}u\uc0\u353{}an in Babylonia.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Cinquante-deux reflections sur le Proche-orient ancien offertes en hommage \uc0\u224{} L\uc0\u233{}on de Meijer.}, edited by Herrmann Gasche, Michel Tanret, and C. Degraeve, 2:299\uc0\u8211{}304. Leuven: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2007. \uc0\u8220{}review of M.J.H. Linssen, The Cults of Uruk and Babylon. The Temple Ritual Texts as Evidence for Hellenistic Cult Practices.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Journal of Near Eastern Studies} 66: 145\uc0\u8211{}146.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2009. \uc0\u8220{}review of O. Peders\uc0\u233{}n, Archive und Bibliotheken in Babylon. Die Tontafeln der Grabung Robert Koldeweys 1899-1917.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Journal of Near Eastern Studies} 68: 111\uc0\u8211{}112.\
Bissing, F.W. 1942. \uc0\u8220{}\uc0\u196{}gyptische und \uc0\u228{}gyptisierende Alabastergef\uc0\u228{}sse aus den Deutschen Ausgrabungen zu Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Zeitschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Assyriologie} 47: 26\uc0\u8211{}49.\
Bjurstr\uc0\u246{}m, P. 1956. \uc0\u8220{}Mises en sc\uc0\u232{}ne de S\uc0\u233{}miramis de Voltaire entre 1748 et 1756.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Revue de la Soci\uc0\u233{}t\uc0\u233{} d\uc0\u8217{}histoire du th\uc0\u233{}\uc0\u226{}tre} IV: 299\uc0\u8211{}320.\
Black, J.A. 1981. \uc0\u8220{}The New Year Ceremonies in Ancient Babylon: \uc0\u8216{}Taking Bel by the Hand\uc0\u180{} and a Cultic Picnic.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Religion} 11: 39\uc0\u8211{}59.\
Blasberg, M. 1997. {\i{}Keilschrift in aram\uc0\u228{}ischer Umwelt. Untersuchungen zur sp\uc0\u228{}tbabylonischen Orthographie.} unknown.\
Blocher, F. 2000. \uc0\u8220{}Wann wurde Puzur-E\uc0\u353{}tar zum Gott?\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon: Focus mesopotamischer Geschichte, Wiege fr\uc0\u252{}her Gelehrsamkeit, Mythos in der Moderne.}, edited by Johannes Renger, 2:253\uc0\u8211{}269. Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cken: Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cker SDV.\
Bochum, D.B.-M.B.D.B.-M., and T. Stoellner, eds. 2004. {\i{}Persiens Antike Pracht. Bergbau, Handwerk, Arch\uc0\u228{}ologie.} Bochum: Deutsches Bergbau-Museum.\
B\uc0\u246{}ck, B. 2000. \uc0\u8220{}Babylonische Divination und Magie als Ausdruck der Denkstrukturen des altmesopotamischen Menschen.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon: Focus mesopotamischer Geschichte, Wiege fr\uc0\u252{}her Gelehrsamkeit, Mythos in der Moderne.}, edited by Johannes Renger, 2:409\uc0\u8211{}425. Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cken: Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cker SDV.\
Boese, J. 2008. \uc0\u8220{}\uc0\u8216{}\uc0\u7722{}arba\uc0\u353{}ipak\uc0\u8217{}, \uc0\u8216{}Tiptalizi\uc0\u8217{} und die Chronologie der \uc0\u228{}lteren Kassitenzeit.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Zeitschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Assyriologie} 98: 201\uc0\u8211{}210.\
B\uc0\u246{}hl, F. 1935. \uc0\u8220{}Zum babylonischen Ursprung des Labyrinths.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Miscellanea orientalia\uc0\u8239{}: dedicata Antonio Deimel annos LXX complenti.}, edited by Pontificio Istituto biblico, 12:6\uc0\u8211{}23. Rom: Pontificio Istituto Biblico.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1936. {\i{}Mededeelingen uit de Leidsche verzameling van spijkerschriftinscripties III, Assyrische en Nieuw-Babylonische oorkonden (1100-91 v. Chr.).} Leiden: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1937. {\i{}Der babylonische F\uc0\u252{}rstenspiegel.} Vol. {\i{}11/3}. Leipzig: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1962. \uc0\u8220{}Die babylonischen Pr\uc0\u228{}tendenten zur Zeit des Xerxes.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Bibliotheca Orientalia} 19: 110\uc0\u8211{}114.\
Bohrer, F.N. 2003. {\i{}Orientalism and visual culture. Imagining Mespotamia in the nineteenth century Europe.} Cambridge: unknown.\
Boiy, T. 1998. \uc0\u8220{}Dating in early Hellenistic Babylonia: evidence on the basis of CT 49 13, 1982.A.1853 and HSM 1893.5.6. 1998/134.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nouvelles Assyriologiques Br\uc0\u232{}ves et Utilitaires} 1998\uc0\u8211{}4: 131\uc0\u8211{}132.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2000. \uc0\u8220{}Dating Methods during the Early Hellenistic Period.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Journal of Cuneiform Studies} 52: 115\uc0\u8211{}121.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2002a. \uc0\u8220{}Royal Titulature in Hellenistic Babylonia.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Zeitschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Assyriologie} 92: 241\uc0\u8211{}257.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2002b. \uc0\u8220{}The \uc0\u8216{}Accession Year\uc0\u8217{} in the Late Achaemenid and Early Hellenistic Period.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Mining the Archives. Festschrift for Christopher Walker on the Occasion of His 60th Birthday.}, edited by Cornelia Wunsch, 1:25\uc0\u8211{}33. Dresden: ISLET.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2004. {\i{}Late Achaemenid and Hellenistic Babylon.} Vol. {\i{}136}. Leuven: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2005. \uc0\u8220{}Collations to BiMes 24. 2005/55.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nouvelles Assyriologiques Br\uc0\u232{}ves et Utilitaires} 2005\uc0\u8211{}3: 62-.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2010. {\i{}Babylon. Die echte stad en de mythe.} Leuven: unknown.\
Bonatz, D., R. Czichon, and J. Kreppner, eds. 2008. {\i{}Fundstellen: Gesammelte Schriften zur Arch\uc0\u228{}ologie und Geschichte Altvorderasiens ad honorem Hartmut K\uc0\u252{}hne.} Wiesbaden: Harrassowitz.\
Boncquet, J.C. 1987. {\i{}Diodorus Siculus (II.1-34) over Mesopotamie. Een historische kommentaar.} Br\uc0\u252{}ssel: unknown.\
Bongenaar, A.C.V.M., ed. 2000. {\i{}Interdependency of Institutions and Private Entrepreneurs. Proceedings of the Second MOS Symposium.} Vol. {\i{}87}. Leiden: unknown.\
Bord, L.-J. 2000. {\i{}L\uc0\u8217{}image de Babylone aux serpents dans les Beatus.} Paris: unknown.\
Borger, R. 1956. {\i{}Die Inschriften Asarhaddons, K\uc0\u246{}nigs von Assyrien.} Vol. {\i{}9}. Graz: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1957. \uc0\u8220{}Review of A.L. Oppenheim, The Interpretation of Dreams.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Archiv f\uc0\u252{}r Orientforschung} 18: 415\uc0\u8211{}418.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1965. \uc0\u8220{}Der Aufstieg des neubabylonischen Reiches.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Journal of Cuneiform Studies} 19: 59\uc0\u8211{}78.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1973a. \uc0\u8220{}Keilschriftexte verschiedenen Inhalts II. Zum Neujahrsfest in Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Symbolae biblicae et mesopotamicae Francisco Mario Theodoro de Liagre B\uc0\u246{}hl dedicatae.}, edited by M.A. Beek and F. B\uc0\u246{}hl, 44\uc0\u8211{}47. Leiden: Brill.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1973b. \uc0\u8220{}Tonm\uc0\u228{}nchen und Puppen.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Bibliotheca Orientalia} 30: 176\uc0\u8211{}183.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1996. {\i{}Beitr\uc0\u228{}ge zum Inschriftenwerk Assurbanipals: Die Prismenklassen A, B, C = K, D, E, F, G, H, J und T sowie andere Inschriften.} Wiesbaden: unknown.\
B\uc0\u246{}rker-Kl\uc0\u228{}hn, J. 1982. {\i{}Altvorderasiatische Bildstelen und vergleichbare Felsreliefs.} Vol. {\i{}4}. Leipzig: unknown.\
Bott\uc0\u233{}ro, J. 1996. {\i{}Mythes et rites de Babylone.} Genf: unknown.\
Brandes, M.A. 1979. \uc0\u8220{}Alexander der Grosse in Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Antike Kunst} 22:2: 87\uc0\u8211{}98.\
Breniquet, C., and C. Kepinski, eds. 2001. {\i{}Etudes m\uc0\u233{}sopotaminnes. Recuiel de textes offert \uc0\u224{} Jean-Louis Huot.} Paris: unknown.\
Briant, P. 1992. \uc0\u8220{}La date des r\uc0\u233{}voltes babyloniennes contre Xerx\uc0\u232{}s.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Studia Iranica} 21: 7\uc0\u8211{}20.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}, ed. 1995. {\i{}Dans les pas des Dix-Mille: Peuples et pays du Proche-Orient vus par un Grec, Actes de la Table Ronde internationale, organis\uc0\u233{}e \uc0\u224{} l\uc0\u8217{}initiative du GRACO, Toulouse, 3-4 f\uc0\u233{}vrier 1995.} Vol. {\i{}43}. Toulouse: Presses Mirail.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1996. {\i{}Histoire de l\uc0\u8217{}Empire perse.} Paris: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1999a. \uc0\u8220{}Alexandre \uc0\u224{} Babylone: images grecques, images babyloniennes.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Alexandre le Grand dans les litt\uc0\u232{}ratures occidentales et proche-orientales.}, edited by P. Briant, 22\uc0\u8211{}53. Paris: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}, ed. 1999b. {\i{}Alexandre le Grand dans les litt\uc0\u232{}ratures occidentales et proche-orientales.} Paris: unknown.\
Briant, P., and F. Joann\uc0\u232{}s, eds. 2006. {\i{}La transition entre l\uc0\u8217{}empire ach\uc0\u233{}m\uc0\u233{}nide et les royaumes hell\uc0\u233{}nistiques (vers 350-300 av. J.-C.).} Vol. {\i{}9}. Paris: unknown.\
Brinkman, J.A. 1967. \uc0\u8220{}Remarks on Two Kudurrus from the Second Dynasty of Isin.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Revue d\uc0\u8217{}Assyriologie et d\uc0\u8217{}Arch\uc0\u233{}ologie Orientale} 61: 70\uc0\u8211{}74.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1976. {\i{}Materials and Studies for Kassite History, Vol. I.} Chicago: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1983. \uc0\u8220{}Istanbul A. 1998, Middle Babylonian Chronology, and the Statistics of the Nippur Archives.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Zeitschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Assyriologie} 73: 67\uc0\u8211{}74.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1984. {\i{}Prelude to Empire. Babylonian Society and Politics, 747-626 B.C.} Vol. {\i{}7}. Philadelphia: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1985. \uc0\u8220{}From destruction to resurrection: the antecedents of Babylonia\uc0\u8217{}s birth as a world power in the seventh century B.C.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 41: 110\uc0\u8211{}112.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1987a. \uc0\u8220{}BM 36761, the Astronomical Diary for 331 B.C. 1987/63.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nouvelles Assyriologiques Br\uc0\u232{}ves et Utilitaires} 1987\uc0\u8211{}3: 34-.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1987b. \uc0\u8220{}Twenty Minas of Copper.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Language, Literature, and History: Philological and Historical Studies Presented to Erica Reiner.}, edited by F. Rochberg-Halton, 67:33\uc0\u8211{}36. New Haven, CT: Eisenbrauns.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2005. \uc0\u8220{}Notes on two early Neo-Babylonian legal texts (BM 26528 and BM 114720). 2005/49.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nouvelles Assyriologiques Br\uc0\u232{}ves et Utilitaires} 2005\uc0\u8211{}3: 56-.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008a. \uc0\u8220{}(Babylone \uc0\u224{} l\uc0\u8217{}ombre de l\uc0\u8217{}Assyrie) Sources historiques.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 129\uc0\u8211{}132. Paris: Hazan.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008b. \uc0\u8220{}A Legal Text from Babylon Dated in the Reign of Shalmaneser V. 2008/8.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nouvelles Assyriologiques Br\uc0\u232{}ves et Utilitaires} 2008\uc0\u8211{}1: 11\uc0\u8211{}12.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008c. \uc0\u8220{}La chronologie au IIe mill\uc0\u233{}naire av. J.-C.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 103\uc0\u8211{}104. Paris: Hazan.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008d. \uc0\u8220{}La dynastie kassite (vers 1595-1155 av. J.-C.). Sources historiques.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 105\uc0\u8211{}107. Paris: Hazan.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008e. \uc0\u8220{}La IIe dynastie d\uc0\u8217{}Isin ( 1157-1026) et Nabuchodonosor Ier.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 116\uc0\u8211{}117. Paris: Hazan.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008f. \uc0\u8220{}Les lettres d\uc0\u8217{}Amarna.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 107\uc0\u8211{}109. Paris: Hazan.\
Brinkman, J.A., and D.A. Kennedy. 1983. \uc0\u8220{}Documentary Evidence for Economic Base of Early Neo-Babylonian Society: A Survey of Dated Babylonian Economic Texts, 721-628 BC.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Journal of Cuneiform Studies} 35: 1\uc0\u8211{}90.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1986. \uc0\u8220{}Supplement to the Survey of Dated Neo-Babylonian Economic Texts, 721-626 B.C, (JCS 35 [1983] 1-90).\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Journal of Cuneiform Studies} 38: 99\uc0\u8211{}106.\
Britton, J.P. 1991. \uc0\u8220{}A Table of 4th Powers and Related Texts from Seleucid Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Journal of Cuneiform Studies} 43\uc0\u8211{}45: 71\uc0\u8211{}87.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1993. \uc0\u8220{}Scientific Astronomy in Pre-Seleucid Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Die Rolle der Astronomie in den Kulturen Mesopotamiens. Beitr\uc0\u228{}ge zum 3. Grazer Morgenl\uc0\u228{}ndischen Symposion (23.-27. September 1991).}, edited by H.D. Galter, 61\uc0\u8211{}76. Graz: unknown.\
Brosius, M., and A. Kuhrt, eds. 1998. {\i{}Studies in Persian History. Essays in Memory of David M. Lewis.} Vol. {\i{}11}. Leiden: Het Nederlands Inst Vh Nabije.\
Brown, D. 2002. \uc0\u8220{}The Level of the Euphrates.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Mining the Archives. Festschrift for Christopher Walker on the Occasion of His 60th Birthday.}, edited by Cornelia Wunsch, 1:37\uc0\u8211{}56. Dresden: ISLET.\
Buck, R.C. 1980. \uc0\u8220{}Sherlock Holmes in Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}American Mathematical Monthly} 87: 335\uc0\u8211{}345.\
Buckingham, J.S. 1827. {\i{}Travels in Mesopotamia.} London: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1971. {\i{}Travels in Mesopotamia.} London: unknown.\
Buddensieg, G. 1909. \uc0\u8220{}Zwei Erlebnisse unserer Expeditionsmitglieder in Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 42: 53\uc0\u8211{}63.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1910. \uc0\u8220{}Aus den Berichten aus Babylon. April bis Oktober 1910. Berichte \uc0\u252{}ber die Grabungen am Kasr Nordost.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 44: 6\uc0\u8211{}19.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1911a. \uc0\u8220{}Aus den Berichten aus Babylon. Mai bis November 1911. Berichte \uc0\u252{}ber die Grabungen am Kasr Nordost.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 47: 5\uc0\u8211{}18.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1911b. \uc0\u8220{}Aus den Berichten aus Babylon. Oktober 1910 bis April 1911. Berichte \uc0\u252{}ber die Grabungen am Kasr Nordost.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 45: 4\uc0\u8211{}17.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1912a. \uc0\u8220{}Aus den Berichten aus Babylon. Dezember 1911 bis April 1912: Berichte \uc0\u252{}ber die Grabungen am Kasr Nordost.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 48: 4\uc0\u8211{}13.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1912b. \uc0\u8220{}Aus den Berichten aus Babylon. Mai bis August 1912: Berichte \uc0\u252{}ber die Grabungen auf dem Kasr Nordost.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 49: 3\uc0\u8211{}7.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1913. \uc0\u8220{}Aus den Berichten aus Babylon. September 1912 bis M\uc0\u228{}rz 1913. Berichte \uc0\u252{}ber die Grabungen auf dem Kasr Nordost.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 51: 6\uc0\u8211{}15.\
Buddensieg, G., and F. Wetzel. 1909. \uc0\u8220{}Aus den Grabungsberichten aus Babylon. Vom April bis Oktober 1909.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 42: 3\uc0\u8211{}32.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1910. \uc0\u8220{}Aus den Grabungsberichten aus Babylon. Vom November 1909 bis April 1910.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 43: 3\uc0\u8211{}30.\
Budge, E.A.W. 1888. \uc0\u8220{}On some recently acquired Babylonian tablets.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Zeitschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Assyriologie} 3: 211\uc0\u8211{}230.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1900. {\i{}A Guide to the Babylonian and Assyrian Antiquities.} London: British Museum.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1920. {\i{}By Nile and Tigris. A Narrative of Journeys in Egypt and Mesopotamia on Behalf of the British Museum between Years 1886 and 1913. Vol. I.} London: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1922. {\i{}A Guide to the Babylonian and Assyrian Antiquities.} London: Printed Trustees.\
Buffa, G., and A.O. Lewis, eds. 1989. {\i{}Utopia e modernit\uc0\u224{}, teorie e prassi utopiche nell\uc0\u8217{}et\uc0\u224{} moderna e postmoderna I.} Rom: unknown.\
Burstein, S.M. 1978. {\i{}The Babyloniaca of Berossus.} Vol. {\i{}1/5}. Malibu: unknown.\
Cagirgan, G. 1976. {\i{}The Babylonian Festivals.} unknown.\
Cagirgan, G., and W. Lambert. 1991. \uc0\u8220{}The Late Babylonian kisl\uc0\u299{}mu Ritual for Esagil.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Journal of Cuneiform Studies} 43\uc0\u8211{}45: 89\uc0\u8211{}106.\
Cagni, L. 1969. {\i{}L\uc0\u8217{}epopea di Erra.} Vol. {\i{}34}. Rom: unknown.\
Calmeyer, P. 1994. \uc0\u8220{}Babylonische und assyrische Elemente in der achaimenidischen Kunst.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Continuity and Change.}, edited by Margret Cool Root, Am\uc0\u233{}lie Kuhrt, and H. Sancisi-Weerdenburg, 8:131\uc0\u8211{}147. Leiden: unknown.\
Calmeyer-Seidl, U. 2000. \uc0\u8220{}Eine Triumphstele Darius\uc0\u8217{} I. aus Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon: Focus mesopotamischer Geschichte, Wiege fr\uc0\u252{}her Gelehrsamkeit, Mythos in der Moderne.}, edited by Johannes Renger, 2:297\uc0\u8211{}306. Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cken: Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cker SDV.\
Cancik-Kirschbaum, E. 2007. \uc0\u8220{}Die Mauern von Babylon. Techniken der Visualisierung von Raum und Begrenzung.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}R\uc0\u228{}ume und Grenzen. Topologische Konzepte in den antiken Kulturen des antiken Mittelmeerraumes.}, edited by Peter Funke and Rainer Albertz, 103\uc0\u8211{}122. M\uc0\u252{}nster: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008a. \uc0\u8220{}Die Keilschrift.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon Wahrheit.}, edited by Joachim Marzahn and G\uc0\u252{}nter Schauerte, 335\uc0\u8211{}358. M\uc0\u252{}nchen: Hirmer.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008b. \uc0\u8220{}Wissenschaften im Alten Orient - eine Einleitung.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon Wahrheit.}, edited by Joachim Marzahn and G\uc0\u252{}nter Schauerte, 367\uc0\u8211{}372. M\uc0\u252{}nchen: Hirmer.\
Cancik-Kirschbaum, E., J. Marzahn, and M. Ess, eds. 2011. {\i{}Babylon. Wissenskultur in Orient und Okzident.} Vol. {\i{}1}. Berlin: Walter Gruyter.\
Cancik-Kirschbaum, E., and O. Peders\uc0\u233{}n. 2010. \uc0\u8220{}On the Early Modern History of the Clay Tablets Now in the Babylon Collection of the Archaeological Museums in Istanbul.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Veysel Donbaz\uc0\u8217{}a Sunulan Yaz\uc0\u305{}lar. DUB.SAR \uc0\u201{}.DUB.BA.A. Studies Presented in Honour of Veysel Donbaz.}, edited by \uc0\u350{} D\uc0\u246{}nmez, 239\uc0\u8211{}242. Istanbul: Ege Yayinlari.\
Castel, C. 1991. \uc0\u8220{}Temples \uc0\u224{} l\uc0\u8217{}\uc0\u233{}poque n\uc0\u233{}o-babylonienne: une m\uc0\u232{}me conception de l\uc0\u8217{}espace sacr\uc0\u233{}.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Revue d\uc0\u8217{}Assyriologie et d\uc0\u8217{}Arch\uc0\u233{}ologie Orientale} 85: 169\uc0\u8211{}187.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1992. {\i{}Habitat urbain n\uc0\u233{}o-assyrien et n\uc0\u233{}o-babylonien 2.} Vol. {\i{}143}. Paris: unknown.\
Caubet, A. 2008. \uc0\u8220{}Bleu, jaune et blanc: fa\uc0\u239{}ence, verre et autres mati\uc0\u232{}res vitreuses \uc0\u224{} Babylone.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 230\uc0\u8211{}231. Paris: Hazan.\
Cavigneaux, A. 1980. \uc0\u8220{}Die Fragmente der sumerisch-akkadischen Wortliste \uc0\u8216{}Erimhu\uc0\u353{}\uc0\u8217{} im Vorderasiatischen Museum zu Berlin.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Forschungen und Berichte} 20/21: 259\uc0\u8211{}270.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1981a. \uc0\u8220{}Le temple de Nab\uc0\u251{} \uc0\u353{}a \uc0\u7723{}ar\uc0\u234{}. Rapport pr\uc0\u233{}liminaire sur les textes cun\uc0\u233{}iformes.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 37: 118\uc0\u8211{}126.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1981b. {\i{}Texts from Babylon: Textes scolaires du temple de Nab\uc0\u251{} \uc0\u353{}a Har\uc0\u234{}, vol. I.} Baghdad: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1985. \uc0\u8220{}Nab\uc0\u251{} \uc0\u353{}a \uc0\u7723{}ar\uc0\u234{} temple and cuneiform texts.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 41: 27\uc0\u8211{}29.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1996. \uc0\u8220{}Un Colophon de Type Nab\uc0\u251{} \uc0\u353{}a \uc0\u7722{}ar\uc0\u234{}.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Acta Sumerologica} 18: 23\uc0\u8211{}29.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2000a. \uc0\u8220{}Nab\uc0\u251{} \uc0\u353{}a \uc0\u7723{}ar\uc0\u234{} und die Kinder von Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon: Focus mesopotamischer Geschichte, Wiege fr\uc0\u252{}her Gelehrsamkeit, Mythos in der Moderne.}, edited by Johannes Renger, 2:385\uc0\u8211{}391. Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cken: Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cker SDV.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2000b. \uc0\u8220{}Neue Texte historischen Inhalts aus den irakischen Grabungen von Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Baghdader Mitteilungen} 31: 213\uc0\u8211{}248.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008a. \uc0\u8220{}Irakische Ausgrabungen - der Tempel des Nab\uc0\u251{}-scha-har\uc0\u234{}.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon Wahrheit.}, edited by Joachim Marzahn and G\uc0\u252{}nter Schauerte, 79\uc0\u8211{}80. M\uc0\u252{}nchen: Hirmer.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008b. \uc0\u8220{}L\uc0\u8217{}exil jud\uc0\u233{}en en Babylonie.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 366\uc0\u8211{}368. Paris: Hazan.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008c. \uc0\u8220{}Les fouilles irakiennes: le temple de Nab\uc0\u251{} sha Har\uc0\u234{}.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 531\uc0\u8211{}532. Paris: Hazan.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008d. \uc0\u8220{}Literarische und Sprachwissenschaftliche \uc0\u219{}berlieferungen.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon Wahrheit.}, edited by Joachim Marzahn and G\uc0\u252{}nter Schauerte, 429\uc0\u8211{}442. M\uc0\u252{}nchen: Hirmer.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008e. \uc0\u8220{}Litt\uc0\u233{}rature et trait\uc0\u233{}s savants.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 295\uc0\u8211{}300. Paris: Hazan.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2013. \uc0\u8220{}Les fouilles irakiennes de Babylone et le temple de Nab\uc0\u251{} \uc0\u353{}a \uc0\u7723{}ar\uc0\u234{}. Souvenirs d\uc0\u8217{}un arch\uc0\u243{}logue d\uc0\u233{}butant.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}La tour de Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 65\uc0\u8211{}76. Rom: unknown.\
Cavigneaux, A., M. Roth, and G. Farber. 1985. {\i{}The Series Erim-\uc0\u7723{}u\uc0\u353{} = anantu and An-ta-g\uc0\u225{}l = \uc0\u353{}aq\uc0\u252{}.} Vol. {\i{}17}. Rom: unknown.\
Chambon, G. 2008. \uc0\u8220{}Mathematische Praktiken in Babylonien.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon Wahrheit.}, edited by Joachim Marzahn and G\uc0\u252{}nter Schauerte, 393\uc0\u8211{}404. M\uc0\u252{}nchen: Hirmer.\
Charpin, D. 1985. \uc0\u8220{}Un quartier de Babylone et ses habitants sous les successeurs d\uc0\u8217{}Hammurabi.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Bibliotheca Orientalia} 42: 265\uc0\u8211{}278.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1991. \uc0\u8220{}Les deux palais de Babylone. 1991/59.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nouvelles Assyriologiques Br\uc0\u232{}ves et Utilitaires} 1991\uc0\u8211{}2: 39\uc0\u8211{}40.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2000. \uc0\u8220{}Hammu-rabi de Babylone etMari: Nouvelles Sources, Nouvelles Perspectives.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon: Focus mesopotamischer Geschichte, Wiege fr\uc0\u252{}her Gelehrsamkeit, Mythos in der Moderne.}, edited by Johannes Renger, 2:111\uc0\u8211{}130. Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cken: Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cker SDV.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2003a. {\i{}Hammu-rabi de Babylone.} Paris: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2003b. \uc0\u8220{}La date de la construction de la muraille de Babylone. 2003/4.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nouvelles Assyriologiques Br\uc0\u232{}ves et Utilitaires} 2003\uc0\u8211{}1: 3-.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008a. \uc0\u8220{}Hammurabi cr\uc0\u233{}ateur d\uc0\u8217{}un empire?\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 37\uc0\u8211{}39. Paris: Hazan.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008b. \uc0\u8220{}L\uc0\u8217{}administration (Babylone au temps de Hammurabi).\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 52\uc0\u8211{}53. Paris: Hazan.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008c. \uc0\u8220{}Le \uc0\u8216{}roi de justice.\uc0\u8217{}\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 51\uc0\u8211{}52. Paris: Hazan.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2011. \uc0\u8220{}Babylon in der altbabylonischen Zeit: eine Hauptstadt von vielen ... die als einzige \uc0\u252{}brig blieb.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon. Wissenskultur in Orient und Okzident.}, edited by Eva Cancik-Kirschbaum, Joachim Marzahn, and Margarete Ess, 1:77\uc0\u8211{}89. Berlin: Walter Gruyter.\
Chaverdi, A.A., P. Callieri, and E. Matin. 2014. \uc0\u8220{}Tol-e Ajori: a monumental gate of the early Achaemenian period in the Persepolis area. The 2014 excavation season of the Iranian-Italian project \uc0\u8216{}From palace to town.\uc0\u8217{}\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}AMIT} 46: 223\uc0\u8211{}254.\
Chesney, F.R. 1868. {\i{}Narrative of the Euphrates Expedition.} London: unknown.\
Chevalier, N. 2008a. \uc0\u8220{}Die arch\uc0\u228{}ologischen Ausgrabungen Frankreichs im 19. Jahrhundert.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon Wahrheit.}, edited by Joachim Marzahn and G\uc0\u252{}nter Schauerte, 63\uc0\u8211{}66. M\uc0\u252{}nchen: Hirmer.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008b. \uc0\u8220{}Les fouilles arch\uc0\u233{}ologiques fran\uc0\u231{}aises au XIXe si\uc0\u232{}cle.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 513\uc0\u8211{}515. Paris: Hazan.\
Cholidis, N. 1989. \uc0\u8220{}Tiere und tierf\uc0\u246{}rmige Gef\uc0\u228{}\uc0\u223{}e auf R\uc0\u228{}dern. Gedanken zum Spielzeug im Alten Orient.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 121: 197\uc0\u8211{}220.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1992. {\i{}M\uc0\u246{}bel in Ton.} Vol. {\i{}1}. M\uc0\u252{}nster: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2000. \uc0\u8220{}Die Terrakotten aus Babylon im Vorderasiatischen Museum, Berlin.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon: Focus mesopotamischer Geschichte, Wiege fr\uc0\u252{}her Gelehrsamkeit, Mythos in der Moderne.}, edited by Johannes Renger, 2:271\uc0\u8211{}280. Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cken: Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cker SDV.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2002. \uc0\u8220{}Wieder erklingende Sch\uc0\u228{}tze aus Babylon. In memoriamRobert Koldewey (1855-1925).\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Antike Welt. Zeitschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Arch\uc0\u228{}ologie und Kulturgeschichte} 1/33: 3\uc0\u8211{}5.\
Civil, M. 1971. {\i{}Izi = i\uc0\u353{}\uc0\u257{}tu, K\uc0\u225{}-gal = abullu and N\uc0\u237{}g-ga = makk\uc0\u363{}ru.} Vol. {\i{}13}. Rom: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1994. {\i{}The Farmer\uc0\u8217{}s Instructions. A Sumerian Agricultural Manual.} Vol. {\i{}5}. Barcelona: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2005. \uc0\u8220{}Late Babylonian Grammatical Text.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Literary and Scholastic Texts of the First Millennium B.C.}, edited by I. Spar and Wilfried Lambert, 2:244\uc0\u8211{}247. New York: unknown.\
Civil, M., M.W. Green, and W. Lambert. 1979. {\i{}Ea A = n\uc0\u226{}qu, Aa A = n\uc0\u226{}qu, with their Forerunners and Related Texts.} Vol. {\i{}14}. Rom: unknown.\
Clancier, P. 2009. {\i{}Les biblioth\uc0\u232{}ques en Babylonie dans la deuxi\uc0\u232{}me moiti\uc0\u233{} du Ier mill\uc0\u233{}naire av. J.-C.} Vol. {\i{}363}. M\uc0\u252{}nster: Ugarit Verlag.\
Clay, A.T. 1923. {\i{}Epics, Hymns, Omens, and Other Texts.} Vol. {\i{}4}. New Haven, CT: unknown.\
Clayden, T. 1996. \uc0\u8220{}Kurigalzu I and the Restoration of Babylonia.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Iraq} 58: 109\uc0\u8211{}121.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1998. \uc0\u8220{}Faience Buckets.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Baghdader Mitteilungen} 29: 47\uc0\u8211{}79.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2009. \uc0\u8220{}Eye-stones.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Zeitschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Orient-Arch\uc0\u228{}ologie} 2: 36\uc0\u8211{}86.\
Clayton, P., and M.J. Price, eds. 1988. {\i{}The Seven Wonders of the Ancient World.} New York & London: unknown.\
Cogan, M., and I. Eph\uc0\u8217{}al, eds. 1991. {\i{}Ah, Assyria ... Studies in Assyrian History and Ancient Near Eastern Historiography Presented to Hayim Tadmor.} Vol. {\i{}33}. Jerusalem: unknown.\
Cogan, M., and H. Tadmor. 1981. \uc0\u8220{}Ashurbanipal\uc0\u8217{}s Conquest of Babylon: The First Official Report - Prism K.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Orientalia} 50: 229\uc0\u8211{}240.\
Cohen, M.E. 1972. {\i{}An Analysis of the Balag-Compositions to the God Enlil Copied in Babylon during the Seleucid Period.} Ann Arbor, MI: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1988. {\i{}The Canonical Lamentations of Ancient Mesopotamia.} Ann Arbor, MI: unknown.\
Cole, S.W. 1994. \uc0\u8220{}Marsh formation in the Borsippa region and the course of the lower Euphrates.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Journal of Near Eastern Studies} 53: 81\uc0\u8211{}109.\
Contenau, G. 1927. {\i{}Contrats n\uc0\u233{}o-babyloniens I. De T\uc0\u233{}glath-phalasar III \uc0\u224{} Nabonide.} Vol. {\i{}12}. Paris: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1929. {\i{}Contrats n\uc0\u233{}o-babyloniens II. Ach\uc0\u233{}m\uc0\u233{}nides et S\uc0\u233{}leucides.} Vol. {\i{}13}. Paris: unknown.\
Cooper, J. 1970. \uc0\u8220{}A Sumerian \uc0\u353{}u-\uc0\u237{}l-la from Nimrud with a Prayer for Sin-\uc0\u353{}ar-i\uc0\u353{}kun.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Iraq} 32: 51\uc0\u8211{}67.\
Cotty, M. 2008a. \uc0\u8220{}Le tr\uc0\u233{}sor de Th\uc0\u232{}bes.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 115\uc0\u8211{}116. Paris: Hazan.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008b. \uc0\u8220{}Objects babyloniens trouv\uc0\u233{}s dans le tr\uc0\u233{}sor de l\uc0\u8217{}H\uc0\u233{}raion de Samos.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 174\uc0\u8211{}176. Paris: Hazan.\
Cr\uc0\u252{}semann, N. 2000. \uc0\u8220{}Sammlungsformierungen durch Grabungen (1899-1917).\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Vorderasiatisches Museum Berlin. Geschichte und Gesichten zum hundertj\uc0\u228{}hrigen Bestehen.}, edited by Staatliche Museen Berlin Preu\uc0\u223{}ischer Kulturbesitz, 9\uc0\u8211{}10. Berlin: Staatliche Museen Berlin Preu\uc0\u223{}ischer Kulturbesitz.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2001. {\i{}Vom Zweistromland zum Kupfergraben: Vorgeschichte und Entstehungsjahre (1899-1918) der Vorderasiatischen Abteilung der Berliner Museen vor fach- und kulturpolitischen Hintergr\uc0\u252{}nden.} Vol. {\i{}42}. Berlin: unknown.\
Cunningham, G. 1997. {\i{}\uc0\u8217{}Deliver Me from Evil\uc0\u8217{}. Mesopotamian Incantations 2500-1500 BC.} Vol. {\i{}17}. Rom: Gregorian. https://market.android.com/details?id=book-sPI_zX7jr8gC.\
Curtis, J., ed. 1997. {\i{}Mesopotamia and Iran in the Persian Period.} London: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008. \uc0\u8220{}The Site of Babylon Today.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon: Myth and Reality.}, edited by Irving L. Finkel and Michael Seymour, 213\uc0\u8211{}220. London: British Museum.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2011. \uc0\u8220{}The Present Condition of Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon. Wissenskultur in Orient und Okzident.}, edited by Eva Cancik-Kirschbaum, Joachim Marzahn, and Margarete Ess, 1:3\uc0\u8211{}17. Berlin: Walter Gruyter.\
Curtis, J., and R. Matthews, eds. 2012. {\i{}Proceedings of the 7th International Congress on the Archaeology of the Ancient Near East 12 April \uc0\u8211{} 16 April 2010, the British Museum and UCL, London. Volume 1.} Wiesbaden: Harrassowitz.\
Curtis, J., and St.J. Simpson, eds. 2010. {\i{}The World of Achaemenid Persia: History, Art and Society in Iran and the Ancient Near East.} London: I.B. Tauris.\
Cussini, E. 1998. \uc0\u8220{}A Neo-Babylonian Brick in the Armenian Mechitarist Monastery in Venice. 1998/88.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nouvelles Assyriologiques Br\uc0\u232{}ves et Utilitaires} 1998\uc0\u8211{}3: 82-.\
Dahmen, K. 2008. \uc0\u8220{}M\uc0\u252{}nzen um Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon Wahrheit.}, edited by Joachim Marzahn and G\uc0\u252{}nter Schauerte, 449\uc0\u8211{}462. M\uc0\u252{}nchen: Hirmer.\
Dalley, S. 1979. {\i{}A Catalogue of the Akkadian Cuneiform Tablets in the Collections of the Royal Scottish Museum, Edinburgh, with Copies of the Texts.} Vol. {\i{}2}. Edinburgh: Royal Scottish Museum.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1993. \uc0\u8220{}Ancient Mesopotamian gardens and the identification of the Hanging Gardens of Babylon resolved.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Garden History} 21: 1\uc0\u8211{}13.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1994. \uc0\u8220{}Nineveh, Babylon and the Hanging Gardens: Cuneiform and classical sources reconciled.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Iraq} 56: 45\uc0\u8211{}58.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1996. \uc0\u8220{}Herodotus and Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Orientalische Literaturzeitung} 91: 525\uc0\u8211{}532.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1997. \uc0\u8220{}Statues of Marduk and the date of En\uc0\u363{}ma eli\uc0\u353{}.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Altorientalische Forschungen} 24: 163\uc0\u8211{}171.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1998. {\i{}The Legacy of Mesopotamia.} Oxford: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2002. \uc0\u8220{}More about the Hanging Gardens.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Of Pots and Pans. Papers on archaeology and history of Mesopotamia and Syria presented to David Oates in honour of his 75th birthday.}, edited by L. Al-Gailani Werr, John Curtis, H. Martin, A. McMahon, Joan Oates, and Julian Reade. London: NABU Publications.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2003a. \uc0\u8220{}The Transition from Neo-Assyrians to Neo-Babylonians: Break or Continuity?\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Archaeological, Historical and Geographical Studies. Hayim and Miriam Tadmor Volume.}, edited by Israel Eph\uc0\u8217{}al, A. Ben-Tor, and Peter Machinist, 27:25\uc0\u8211{}28. Jerusalem: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2003b. \uc0\u8220{}Why did Herodotus not Mention the Hanging Gardens of Babylon?\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Herodotus and his World.}, edited by P. Derow and R. Parker, 171\uc0\u8211{}189. Oxford: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2005. \uc0\u8220{}Semiramis in History and Legend.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Cultural borrowings and and ethnic appropriations in Antiquity.}, edited by E.S. Gruen, 8:11\uc0\u8211{}22. Stuttgart: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008. \uc0\u8220{}Babylon as a name for other cities including Nineveh.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Proceedings of the 51st Rencontre assyriologique internationale.}, edited by Martha Roth, J. Myers, and Robert Biggs, 62:25\uc0\u8211{}33. Chicago: unknown.\
Damerji, M.S. 1978. \uc0\u8220{}The Archaeological Revival of Babylon Project.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 34: 8\uc0\u8211{}10.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1979. \uc0\u8220{}On the dimensions of the archaeological revival of Babylon project.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 35: 44\uc0\u8211{}36.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1981a. \uc0\u8220{}A New Portrait of Nab\uc0\u251{}-naid, King of Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 37: 67\uc0\u8211{}71.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1981b. \uc0\u8220{}Babylone, les fouilles nouvelles et les travaux de restoration.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Histoire et Arch\uc0\u233{}ologie} 51: 26\uc0\u8211{}34.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1981c. \uc0\u8220{}Foreword (Babylon).\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 37: 15\uc0\u8211{}16.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1981d. \uc0\u8220{}Where are the Hanging Gardens?\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 37: 56\uc0\u8211{}61.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2010. {\i{}Babylon, \uc0\u1576{}\uc0\u1575{}\uc0\u1576{}\uc0\u1604{} \uc0\u1603{}\uc0\u1575{} \uc0\u1583{}\uc0\u1610{}\uc0\u1606{}\uc0\u1594{}\uc0\u1585{} \uc0\u1585{}\uc0\u1575{} \uc0\u1602{}\uc0\u1589{}\uc0\u1577{} \uc0\u1605{}\uc0\u1583{}\uc0\u1610{}\uc0\u1606{}\uc0\u1577{} \uc0\u1602{}\uc0\u1578{}\uc0\u1604{}\uc0\u1578{}\uc0\u1607{}\uc0\u1575{} \uc0\u1575{}\uc0\u1604{}\uc0\u1575{}\uc0\u1587{}\uc0\u1575{}\uc0\u1591{}\uc0\u1610{}\uc0\u1585{} \uc0\u1608{}\uc0\u1575{}\uc0\u1604{}\uc0\u1606{}\uc0\u1587{}\uc0\u1610{}\uc0\u1575{}\uc0\u1606{}}. Amman: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2012. \uc0\u8220{}Babylon - ka.dingir.ra - \uc0\u8216{}gate of god\uc0\u8217{}. The story of a city killed by legends and oblivion.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mesopotamia} 47: 1\uc0\u8211{}102.\
Dandamaev, M. 1969. \uc0\u8220{}Achaemenid Babylonia.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Ancient Mesopotamia: Socio.Economic History. A Collection of Studies by Soviet Scholars.}, edited by Igor Mikailovich Diakonoff, 296\uc0\u8211{}311. Moskau: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1982. \uc0\u8220{}The Neo-Babylonian Elders.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Societies and Languages of the Ancient Near East: Studies in Honour of I. M. Diakonoff.}, edited by Muhammad Dandamaev, I. Gershevitch, Horst Klengel, G. Komor\uc0\u243{}czy, M.T. Larsen, and John Nicholas Postgate, 38\uc0\u8211{}41. Warminster: Aris & Phillips Ltd.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1984. {\i{}Slavery in Babylonia from Nabopolassar to Alexander the Great (636-331 BC).} unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1986a. \uc0\u8220{}Economy of \uc0\u7788{}\uc0\u257{}biya, a Babylonian of the Sixth Century B.C.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Oikumene} 5: 51\uc0\u8211{}53.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1986b. \uc0\u8220{}The Neo-Babylonian Archives.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Cuneiform Archives and Libraries.}, edited by Klaas Veenhof, 57:273\uc0\u8211{}277. Leiden: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1992. {\i{}Iranians in Achaemenid Babylonia.} Vol. {\i{}6}. Costa Mesa, CA: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1993. \uc0\u8220{}Xerxes and the Esagila Temple in Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Bulletin of the American Institute for Iranian Art and Archaeology} 7: 41\uc0\u8211{}47.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2000. \uc0\u8220{}Customs Dues in First-Millennium Babylonia.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Variatio Delectat. Iran und der Westen. Gedenkschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Peter Calmeyer.}, edited by Reinhard Dittmann, 272:215\uc0\u8211{}222. M\uc0\u252{}nster: Ugarit Verlag.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2001. \uc0\u8220{}The family archive of Iddin-Nab\uc0\u251{} from Babylon (570-485 BC).\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Vestnik drevnei istorii} 2: 3\uc0\u8211{}16.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2009. \uc0\u8220{}The diverse enterprises of \uc0\u352{}umu-ukin from Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Of God(s), Trees, Kings and Scholars. Neo-Assyrian and Related Studies in Honour of Simo Parpola}, edited by M. Luukko, Saana Sv\uc0\u228{}rd, and R. Mattila, 106:327\uc0\u8211{}332. Helsinki: Eisenbrauns.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2010. \uc0\u8220{}A Verdict of Royal Judges in Babylon during the Reign of Nabonidus.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Veysel Donbaz\uc0\u8217{}a Sunulan Yaz\uc0\u305{}lar. DUB.SAR \uc0\u201{}.DUB.BA.A. Studies Presented in Honour of Veysel Donbaz.}, edited by \uc0\u350{} D\uc0\u246{}nmez, 67\uc0\u8211{}70. Istanbul: Ege Yayinlari.\
Dandamaev, M., I. Gershevitch, H. Klengel, G. Komor\uc0\u243{}czy, M.T. Larsen, and J.N. Postgate, eds. 1982. {\i{}Societies and Languages of the Ancient Near East: Studies in Honour of I. M. Diakonoff.} Warminster: Aris & Phillips Ltd.\
Delitzsch, F. 1899a. {\i{}Babylon.} Vol. {\i{}1}. unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1899b. \uc0\u8220{}Zu den zwei ersten gr\uc0\u246{}sseren Funden unserer Expedition.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 3: 12\uc0\u8211{}15.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1900a. \uc0\u8220{}Der L\uc0\u246{}wenfries von der Prozessionsstrasse des Gottes Marduk.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 6: 13\uc0\u8211{}17.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1900b. \uc0\u8220{}Die Prozessionsstrasse Marduks.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 6: 11\uc0\u8211{}13.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1901a. {\i{}Babylon. Zweiter Abdruck vermehrt durch ein Nachwort.} Leipzig: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1901b. \uc0\u8220{}Drei neue Inschriften.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 9: 8\uc0\u8211{}17.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1901c. \uc0\u8220{}Ein liturgisches Gebet an den Gott Marduk.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 9: 17\uc0\u8211{}20.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1901d. \uc0\u8220{}Esagila, das babylonische Pantheon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 7: 1\uc0\u8211{}10.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1902a. {\i{}Babel und Bibel. Ein Vortrag.} Leipzig: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1902b. \uc0\u8220{}Schriftdenkm\uc0\u228{}ler aus babylonischen S\uc0\u228{}rgen.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 11: 15\uc0\u8211{}16.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1903a. \uc0\u8220{}Zur Topographie Babylons.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 19: 28\uc0\u8211{}35.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1903b. {\i{}Zweiter Vortrag \uc0\u252{}ber Babel und Bibel.} Stuttgart: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1904. {\i{}Zweiter Vortrag \uc0\u252{}ber Babel und Bibel.} Stuttgart: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1905a. {\i{}Babel und Bibel. Dritter(Schluss-) Vortrag.} Stuttgart: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1905b. {\i{}Babel und Bibel. Erster Vortrag.} Leipzig: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1906. {\i{}Babel and Bibel. Three Lectures on the Significance of Assyriological Research for Religion, Embodying the Most Important Criticisms and the Author\uc0\u8217{}s Replies.} Chicago: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1920. {\i{}Die Gro\uc0\u223{}e T\uc0\u228{}uschung. Kritische Betrachtungen zu den alttestamentlichen Berichten \uc0\u252{}ber Israels Eindringen in Kanaan, die Gottesoffenbarung vom Sinai und die Wirksamkeit der Propheten.} Stuttgart: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1921. {\i{}Die Gro\uc0\u223{}e T\uc0\u228{}uschung. Zweiter Teil. Fortgesetzte kritische Betrachtungen zum Alten Testament, vornehmlich den Prophetenschriften und Psalmen, nebst Schlu\uc0\u223{}folgerungen.} Stuttgart: unknown.\
Demange, F. 2008. \uc0\u8220{}Les kudurrus, un type de monuyment kassite?\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 112\uc0\u8211{}115. Paris: Hazan.\
Depuydt, L. 1997. \uc0\u8220{}The Time of Death of Alexander the Great: 11 June 323 B.C. (-322), ca. 4:00-5:00 PM.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Die Welt des Orients} 28: 117\uc0\u8211{}135.\
Dercksen, J.G., ed. 2004. {\i{}Assyria and Beyond. Studies presented to Mogens Trolle Larsen.} Vol. {\i{}100}. Leiden: unknown.\
Derks, T., and N. Roymans, eds. 2009. {\i{}Ethnic constructs in antiquity: The role of power and tradition.} Vol. {\i{}13}. Amsterdam: Amsterdam University Press.\
Derow, P., and R. Parker, eds. 2003. {\i{}Herodotus and his World.} Oxford: unknown.\
Diakonoff, I.M., ed. 1969. {\i{}Ancient Mesopotamia: Socio.Economic History. A Collection of Studies by Soviet Scholars.} Moskau: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2000. \uc0\u8220{}The Near East on the Eve of the Achaemenian Rule (Jeremiah 25).\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Variatio Delectat. Iran und der Westen. Gedenkschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Peter Calmeyer.}, edited by Reinhard Dittmann, 272:223\uc0\u8211{}230. M\uc0\u252{}nster: Ugarit Verlag.\
Dietrich, M. 1979. {\i{}Neo-Babylonian Letters from the Kuyunjik Collection.} Vol. {\i{}54}. London: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2000. \uc0\u8220{}\uc0\u8216{}Als Anu den Himmel erschaffen hatte, ...\uc0\u8217{}. Rekurs auf das Sch\uc0\u246{}pfungsgeschehen anl\uc0\u228{}sslich einer Tempelrenovierung.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Assyriologica et semitica.}, edited by Joachim Marzahn, Hans Neumann, and Andreas Fuchs, 252:33\uc0\u8211{}46. M\uc0\u252{}nster: Ugarit Verlag.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2003. {\i{}The Babylonian Correspondence of Sargon and Sennacherib.} Vol. {\i{}17}. Helsinki: unknown.\
Dijk, J. 1968. {\i{}Cuneiform Texts, Old Babylonian Contracts and Related Material.} Vol. {\i{}5}. Wiesbaden: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1976. {\i{}Cuneiform Texts, Texts of Varying Content.} Vol. {\i{}9}. Leiden: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1983. {\i{}Lugal ud me-l\uc0\u225{}m-bi nir-g\uc0\u225{}l, I-II.} Leiden: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1986. \uc0\u8220{}Die dynastischen Heiraten zwischen Kassiten und Elamern: eine verh\uc0\u228{}ngnisvolle Politik.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Orientalia} 55: 159\uc0\u8211{}170.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1987. {\i{}Literarische Texte aus Babylon.} Vol. {\i{}24}. Berlin: unknown.\
Dirschedl, U. 2008a. \uc0\u8220{}Kunst- und Techniktransfer zwischen Orient und Okzident.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon Wahrheit.}, edited by Joachim Marzahn and G\uc0\u252{}nter Schauerte, 585\uc0\u8211{}610. M\uc0\u252{}nchen: Hirmer.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008b. \uc0\u8220{}Moderne Reflexionen - \uc0\u8216{}Ishtar Chariot of Nebukadnezzar II\uc0\u8217{} und \uc0\u8216{}Dragon of Marduk.\uc0\u8217{}\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon Wahrheit.}, edited by Joachim Marzahn and G\uc0\u252{}nter Schauerte, 611\uc0\u8211{}613. M\uc0\u252{}nchen: Hirmer.\
Dittmann, R., ed. 2000. {\i{}Variatio Delectat. Iran und der Westen. Gedenkschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Peter Calmeyer.} Vol. {\i{}272}. M\uc0\u252{}nster: Ugarit Verlag.\
Dombart, T. 1915. {\i{}Zikkurrat und Pyramide.} M\uc0\u252{}nchen: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1926. \uc0\u8220{}Die Ziqqurrat-Darstellung aus Ninive.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Archiv f\uc0\u252{}r Orientforschung} 3: 177\uc0\u8211{}181.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1930. {\i{}Der babylonische Turm.} Vol. {\i{}29,2}. unknown.\
Donbaz, V. 1979. \uc0\u8220{}Another Old Assyrian Tablet from the City of Assur.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Florilegium Anatolicum. M\uc0\u233{}langes offerts \uc0\u224{} Emmanuel Laroche.}, edited by Emmanuel Laroche, 103\uc0\u8211{}106. Paris: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1982. \uc0\u8220{}A Middle Babylonian Legal Document Raising Problems in Kassite Chronology.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Journal of Near Eastern Studies} 41: 207\uc0\u8211{}212.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2001. \uc0\u8220{}Some Late Babylonian Texts Gleaned from the Assur Collection.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Historiography in the Cuneiform World.}, edited by Paul-Alain Beaulieu, Tzvi Abusch, John Huehnergard, Peter Machinist, and Piotr Steinkeller, 45:163\uc0\u8211{}179. Bethesda, MD: unknown.\
D\uc0\u246{}nmez, \uc0\u350{}., ed. 2010. {\i{}Veysel Donbaz\uc0\u8217{}a Sunulan Yaz\uc0\u305{}lar. DUB.SAR \uc0\u201{}.DUB.BA.A. Studies Presented in Honour of Veysel Donbaz.} Istanbul: Ege Yayinlari.\
Downey, S.B. 1988. {\i{}Mesopotamian Religious Architecture: Alexander through the Parthians.} Princeton: unknown.\
Drewnowska, O., ed. 2009. {\i{}Here & There. Across the Ancient Near East: Studies in Honour of Krystyna \uc0\u321{}yczkowska.} Warsaw: unknown.\
Drews, R. 1975. \uc0\u8220{}The Babylonian Chronicles and Berossus.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Iraq} 37: 39\uc0\u8211{}55.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1997. \uc0\u8220{}review of R. Rollinger, Herodots babylonischer Logos.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Journal of Near Eastern Studies} 56: 125\uc0\u8211{}126.\
Driel, G. 1985. \uc0\u8220{}The Rise of the House of Egibi, Nab\uc0\u251{}-a\uc0\u7723{}\uc0\u7723{}\uc0\u275{}-iddina.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Jaarbericht van het Vooraziatisch-Egyptisch Gezelschap} 29: 50\uc0\u8211{}67.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1986. \uc0\u8220{}Neo-Babylonian texts from the Louvre.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Bibliotheca Orientalia} 43: 5\uc0\u8211{}20.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1988. \uc0\u8220{}Neo-Babylonian Agriculture.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Bulletin on Sumerian Agriculture} 4: 121\uc0\u8211{}159.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1989. \uc0\u8220{}The British Museum \uc0\u8216{}Sippar\uc0\u8217{} Collection: Babylonia 1882-1893.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Zeitschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Assyriologie} 79: 102\uc0\u8211{}117.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1999. \uc0\u8220{}Agricultural Entrepreneurs in Mesopotamia.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Landwirtschaft im Alten Orient.}, edited by Horst Klengel and Johannes Renger, 18:213\uc0\u8211{}223. Berlin: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2002. {\i{}Elusive Silver. In search of a Role for a Market in an Agrarian Environment. Aspects of Mesopotamia\uc0\u8217{}s Society.} Istanbul: unknown.\
Durand, J.-M. 1982. {\i{}Texts babyloniens d\uc0\u8217{}\uc0\u233{}poque r\uc0\u233{}cente, Recherche sur les grandes civilisations.} Vol. {\i{}6}. Paris: unknown.\
Edwards, I.E.S., C.J. Gadd, N.G.L. Hammond, and E. Sollberger, eds. 1991. {\i{}The Assyrian and Babylonian Empires and Other States of the Near East, from the Eighth to the Sixth Centuries BC}. Vol. {\i{}Volume 3, Part 2}. Cambridge: unknown.\
Edzard, D.-O. 1985. \uc0\u8220{}The ideas of Babylonian \uc0\u8216{}geography.\uc0\u8217{}\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 41: 113\uc0\u8211{}114.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1987. \uc0\u8220{}Deep-Rooted Scyscrapers and Bricks: Ancient Mesopotamian Architecture and its Imagery.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Figurative Language in the Ancient Near East.}, edited by Markham Geller, M. Mindlin, and John Wansbrough, 13\uc0\u8211{}24. London: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1995. \uc0\u8220{}review of J. Eidem, The Shemsh\uc0\u257{}ra Archives 2.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Zeitschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Assyriologie} 85: 145-.\
Ehrenberg, E. 2000. \uc0\u8220{}Babylonian Fortleben and Regionalism in Achaemenid Mesopotamia.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Variatio Delectat. Iran und der Westen. Gedenkschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Peter Calmeyer.}, edited by Reinhard Dittmann, 272:313\uc0\u8211{}320. M\uc0\u252{}nster: Ugarit Verlag.\
Ehrhardt, N. 1995. \uc0\u8220{}review of R. Rollinger, Herodots babylonischer Logos.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Anzeiger f\uc0\u252{}r die Altertumswissenschaft} 48: 75\uc0\u8211{}77.\
Eickstedt, U. 2006. \uc0\u8220{}Technologie und Herstellung.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Die Terrakotten von Babylon im Vorderasiatischen Museum Berlin: Die anthropomorphen Figuren.}, edited by Evelyn Klengel-Brandt and Nadja Cholidis, 115:27\uc0\u8211{}32. Saarwellingen: sdv Saarl\uc0\u228{}ndische Druckerei und Verlag.\
Eilers, W. 1932. {\i{}Die Gesetzesstele Chammurabis.} Vol. {\i{}31,2}. Leipzig: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1935. \uc0\u8220{}Keilschriftcuriosa und Entstehung neuer Schriftarten.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Miscellanea orientalia\uc0\u8239{}: dedicata Antonio Deimel annos LXX complenti.}, edited by Pontificio Istituto biblico, 12:74\uc0\u8211{}81. Rom: Pontificio Istituto Biblico.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1936. \uc0\u8220{}Eine mittelpersische Wortform aus fr\uc0\u252{}hach\uc0\u228{}menidischer Zeit?\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Zeitschrift der Deutschen Morgenl\uc0\u228{}ndischen Gesellschaft} 90: 160\uc0\u8211{}200.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1940a. {\i{}Iranische Beamtennamen in der keilschriftlichen \uc0\u220{}berlieferung, Teil I.} Vol. {\i{}25/V}. Leipzig: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1940b. \uc0\u8220{}Kleinasiatisches.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Zeitschrift der Deutschen Morgenl\uc0\u228{}ndischen Gesellschaft} 94: 189\uc0\u8211{}233.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1971. {\i{}Semiramis - Entstehung und Nachhall einer altorientalischen Sage.} Vol. {\i{}274 2}. Wien: unknown.\
Ekschmitt, W. 1984. {\i{}Die sieben Weltwunder, Ihre Erbaung, Zerst\uc0\u246{}rung und wiederentdeckung.} Mainz: unknown.\
Ellis, M. 1984. \uc0\u8220{}Neo-Babylonian Texts in the Yale Babylonian Collection.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Journal of Cuneiform Studies} 36: 1\uc0\u8211{}63.\
Ellis, M., and E.V. Leichty, eds. 1988. {\i{}A Scientific Humanist.} Philadelphia: University Pennsylvania Museum.\
El-Wailly, F. 1964. \uc0\u8220{}Foreword.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 20: 4-.\
Eph\uc0\u8217{}al, I., A. Ben-Tor, and P. Machinist, eds. 2003. {\i{}Archaeological, Historical and Geographical Studies. Hayim and Miriam Tadmor Volume.} Vol. {\i{}27}. Jerusalem: unknown.\
Erler, M. 2011. \uc0\u8220{}Chald\uc0\u228{}er im Platonismus.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon. Wissenskultur in Orient und Okzident.}, edited by Eva Cancik-Kirschbaum, Joachim Marzahn, and Margarete Ess, 1:225\uc0\u8211{}237. Berlin: Walter Gruyter.\
Ess, M. 2008. \uc0\u8220{}Koldewey - Pionier systematischer Ausgrabungen im Orient.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Auf dem Weg nach Babylon.}, edited by Ralf B. Wartke, 90\uc0\u8211{}107. Mainz: Zabern.\
Evers, S.M. 1993. \uc0\u8220{}George Smith and the Egibi Tablets.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Iraq} 55: 107\uc0\u8211{}117.\
Evetts, B.T.A. 1892. {\i{}Babylonische Texte. Heft 6B. Inscriptions of the Reigns of Evil-Merodach, Neriglissar and Laborosoarchod.} Leipzig.\
Fales, F.M. 2011. \uc0\u8220{}Moving around Babylon: On the Aramean and Chaldean Presence in Southern Mesopotamia.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon. Wissenskultur in Orient und Okzident.}, edited by Eva Cancik-Kirschbaum, Joachim Marzahn, and Margarete Ess, 1:91\uc0\u8211{}111. Berlin: Walter Gruyter.\
Falkenstein, A. 1952. \uc0\u8220{}Inannas Erh\uc0\u246{}hung.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Bibliotheca Orientalia} 9: 88\uc0\u8211{}92.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1964. \uc0\u8220{}Eine Inschrift Warads\uc0\u238{}ns aus Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Baghdader Mitteilungen} 3: 25\uc0\u8211{}40.\
Farber, W. 1984. \uc0\u8220{}Altbabylonische Urkunden aus Babylon. Eine Nachlese.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Zeitschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Assyriologie} 74: 67\uc0\u8211{}75.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1985. \uc0\u8220{}Akkadisch \uc0\u8216{}blind.\uc0\u8217{}\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Zeitschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Assyriologie} 75: 210\uc0\u8211{}233.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1991. \uc0\u8220{}The City Wall of Babylon - a belt-cord? 1991/72.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nouvelles Assyriologiques Br\uc0\u232{}ves et Utilitaires} 1991\uc0\u8211{}3: 45\uc0\u8211{}46.\
Farina, R.L. 2012. \uc0\u8220{}Architects and engineers in Babylonia in the mid First Millennium B.C.: some considerations on the form, development and function of the \uc0\u8216{}salle \uc0\u224{} quatre saillants\uc0\u8217{}.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Broadening Horizons 3. Conference of Young Researchers Working in the Ancient Near East.}, edited by Ferran Borrell Tena, M\uc0\u242{}nica Bouso Garc\uc0\u237{}a, Anna G\uc0\u243{}mez Bach, Carles Tornero Dacasa, and Oriol Vicente Campos, 271\uc0\u8211{}288. Bellaterra: unknown.\
Fincke, J., ed. 2010. {\i{}Festschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Gernot Wilhelm anl\uc0\u228{}\uc0\u223{}lich seines 65. Geburtstages 28. Januar 2010}. Dresden: ISLET.\
Finet, A., ed. 1970. {\i{}Actes de la XVIIe Rencontre Assyriologique Internationale. Universit\uc0\u233{} libre de Bruxelles, 30 juin-4 juillet 1969.} Vol. {\i{}17}. Ham-sur-Heure: Comit\uc0\u233{} M\uc0\u233{}sopotamie.\
Finkel, I. 1988a. \uc0\u8220{}Adad-apla-iddina, Esagil-k\uc0\u299{}n-apli, and the Series SA.GIG.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}A Scientific Humanist.}, edited by M. Ellis and Erle Verdun Leichty, 143\uc0\u8211{}159. Philadelphia: University Pennsylvania Museum.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2000. \uc0\u8220{}The Lament of Nab\uc0\u251{}-\uc0\u353{}uma-uk\uc0\u238{}n.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon: Focus mesopotamischer Geschichte, Wiege fr\uc0\u252{}her Gelehrsamkeit, Mythos in der Moderne.}, edited by Johannes Renger, 2:323\uc0\u8211{}342. Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cken: Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cker SDV.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008a. \uc0\u8220{}Schreiben in Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon Wahrheit.}, edited by Joachim Marzahn and G\uc0\u252{}nter Schauerte, 359\uc0\u8211{}366. M\uc0\u252{}nchen: Hirmer.\
Finkel, I., and J. Reade. 1996. \uc0\u8220{}Assyrian Hieroglyphs.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Zeitschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Assyriologie} 86: 244\uc0\u8211{}268.\
Finkel, I.L. 1988b. \uc0\u8220{}The Hanging Gardens of Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}The Seven Wonders of the Ancient World.}, edited by P. Clayton and M.J. Price, 35\uc0\u8211{}58. New York & London: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008b. \uc0\u8220{}Belshazzar\uc0\u8217{}s Feast and the Fall of Babylon. Cuneiform and biblical evidence.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon: Myth and Reality.}, edited by Irving L. Finkel and Michael Seymour, 170\uc0\u8211{}172. London: British Museum.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008c. \uc0\u8220{}La carte babylonienne du monde.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 309\uc0\u8211{}311. Paris: Hazan.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008d. \uc0\u8220{}The Legacy of Babylon. The Babylonian inheritance.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon: Myth and Reality.}, edited by Irving L. Finkel and Michael Seymour, 190\uc0\u8211{}202. London: British Museum.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008e. \uc0\u8220{}The madness of Nebuchadnezzar and the sins of Nabonidus.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon: Myth and Reality.}, edited by Irving L. Finkel and Michael Seymour, 161\uc0\u8211{}165. London: British Museum.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008f. \uc0\u8220{}The search for the Hanging Gardens.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon: Myth and Reality.}, edited by Irving L. Finkel and Michael Seymour, 109\uc0\u8211{}111. London: British Museum.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008g. \uc0\u8220{}Uncovering life at Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon: Myth and Reality.}, edited by Irving L. Finkel and Michael Seymour, 81\uc0\u8211{}100. London: British Museum.\
Finkel, I.L., and M. Seymour, eds. 2008. {\i{}Babylon: Myth and Reality.} London: British Museum.\
Finkelstein, J.J. 1972. {\i{}Late Old Babylonian Documents and Letters.} Vol. {\i{}13}. New Haven, CT: unknown.\
Fitz, S. 1990. \uc0\u8220{}Glasur, Emaille, Firnis.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Das wieder erstehende Babylon.}, edited by Robert Koldewey, 353\uc0\u8211{}355. Berlin & M\uc0\u252{}nchen: Beck.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1994. \uc0\u8220{}Die Farbglasuren auf neubabylonischer Baukeramik.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Handwerk und Technologie im Alten Orient.}, edited by Ralf B. Wartke, 27\uc0\u8211{}29. Mainz: unknown.\
Foster, B. 1993. {\i{}Before the Muses: An Anthology of Akkadian Literature.} Bethesda, MD: unknown.\
Foster, K.P. 2004. \uc0\u8220{}The Hanging Gardens of Nineveh.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Iraq} 66: 207\uc0\u8211{}220.\
Frahm, E. 1997. {\i{}Einleitung in die Sanherib-Inschriften.} Vol. {\i{}26}. Horn: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008. \uc0\u8220{}Babylonischer Humor.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon Wahrheit.}, edited by Joachim Marzahn and G\uc0\u252{}nter Schauerte, 463\uc0\u8211{}464. M\uc0\u252{}nchen: Hirmer.\
Frahm, E., and E. Braun-Holzinger. 2000. \uc0\u8220{}Liebling des Marduk - K\uc0\u246{}nig der Blasphemie. Grosse babylonische Herrscher in der Sicht der Babylonier und in der Sicht anderer V\uc0\u246{}lker.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon: Focus mesopotamischer Geschichte, Wiege fr\uc0\u252{}her Gelehrsamkeit, Mythos in der Moderne.}, edited by Johannes Renger, 2:131\uc0\u8211{}156. Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cken: Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cker SDV.\
Frahm, E., and R. Riva. 1999. \uc0\u8220{}\uc0\u352{}ama\uc0\u353{}-\uc0\u353{}umu-uk\uc0\u299{}n, die Herrin von Ninive und das babylonische K\uc0\u246{}nigssiegel.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Archiv f\uc0\u252{}r Orientforschung} 46/47: 156\uc0\u8211{}182.\
Frame, G. 1992. {\i{}Babylonia 689-627 B.C.: A Political History.} Vol. {\i{}69}. Leiden: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1995. {\i{}Rulers of Babylonia: From the Second Dynasty of Isin to the End of Assyrian Domination (1157-612 BC).} Vol. {\i{}2}. Toronto: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}, ed. 2004. {\i{}From the Upper Sea to the Lower See. Studies on the history of Assyria and Babylonia in honour of A.K. Grayson.} Vol. {\i{}101}. Leiden: unknown.\
Frankfort, H. 1970. {\i{}The Art and Architecture of the Ancient Near East.} Harmondsworth: unknown.\
Frayne, D. 1990. {\i{}Old Babylonian Period (2003-1595 BC).} Vol. {\i{}4}. Toronto: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1993. {\i{}Sargonic and Gutian Periods (2334-2113 BC).} Vol. {\i{}2}. Toronto: unknown.\
Frede, S., ed. 2002. {\i{}Die ph\uc0\u246{}nizischen antropoiden Sargophage.} Mainz: unknown.\
Friberg, J. 1986. \uc0\u8220{}On the Big 6-Place Tables of Reciprocals and Squares from Seleucid Babylon and Uruk and their Old Babylonian and Sumerian Predecessors.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 42: 81\uc0\u8211{}87.\
Fritz, R. 1932. \uc0\u8220{}Die Darstellungen des Turmbaues zu Babylon in der bildenden Kunst.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 71: 15\uc0\u8211{}22.\
Funck, B. 1982. \uc0\u8220{}Studien zur sozial\uc0\u246{}konomischen Situation Babyloniens im 7. und 6. Jahrhundert v.u.Z.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Gesellschaft und Kultur im Alten Orient.}, edited by Horst Klengel, 15:41\uc0\u8211{}67. Berlin: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}, ed. 1996. {\i{}Hellenismus. Beitr\uc0\u228{}ge zur Erforschung von Akkulturation und politischer Ordnung in den Staaten des hellenistischen Zeitalters.} T\uc0\u252{}bingen: unknown.\
Funke, P., and R. Albertz, eds. 2007. {\i{}R\uc0\u228{}ume und Grenzen. Topologische Konzepte in den antiken Kulturen des antiken Mittelmeerraumes.} M\uc0\u252{}nster: unknown.\
Furlani, G. 1954. \uc0\u8220{}Babele presso i Mandei.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Aegyptus} 34: 250\uc0\u8211{}263.\
Furuli, R. 2003. {\i{}Persian Chronology and the Length of the Babylonian Exile of the Jews.} Oslo: unknown.\
Gac, Y.L. 1910. \uc0\u8220{}Textes babyloniens de la collection Lycklama \uc0\u224{} Cannes.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Babyloniaca} 3: 33\uc0\u8211{}72.\
Gallagher, W.R. 2001. \uc0\u8220{}Neo-Babylonian Stone Fragments.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Archiv f\uc0\u252{}r Orientforschung} 48/49: 105\uc0\u8211{}106.\
Galni, I. 1990. {\i{}The Jews of Babylonia in the Talmudic Era - A Social and Cultural History.} Jerusalem: unknown.\
Galter, H.D., ed. 1993. {\i{}Die Rolle der Astronomie in den Kulturen Mesopotamiens. Beitr\uc0\u228{}ge zum 3. Grazer Morgenl\uc0\u228{}ndischen Symposion (23.-27. September 1991).} Graz: unknown.\
Ganzert, J. 2000. \uc0\u8220{}Mesopotamische Kultnische - Christliche Apsis. Ein Ak-KULT-urationsprozess.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon: Focus mesopotamischer Geschichte, Wiege fr\uc0\u252{}her Gelehrsamkeit, Mythos in der Moderne.}, edited by Johannes Renger, 2:467\uc0\u8211{}476. Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cken: Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cker SDV.\
Garelli, P., ed. 1974. {\i{}Le Palais et la Royaut\uc0\u233{}: Arch\uc0\u233{}ologie et Civilisation.} Vol. {\i{}19}. Paris: unknown.\
Gasche, H. 2010a. \uc0\u8220{}Les d\uc0\u233{}fenses avanc\uc0\u233{}es de Babylone \uc0\u224{} l\uc0\u8217{}\uc0\u233{}poque de Nabuchodonosor II.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mesopotamia} 45: 113\uc0\u8211{}121, Pl.1-6.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2010b. \uc0\u8220{}Les palais de Darius \uc0\u224{} Suse.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Le palais de Darius \uc0\u224{} Suse.}, edited by Andr\uc0\u233{} Parrot, 446\uc0\u8211{}463. Paris: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2013. \uc0\u8220{}Le S\uc0\u252{}dburg de Babylone: une autre visite.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}La tour de Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 115\uc0\u8211{}126. Rom: unknown.\
Gasche, H., and S.W. Cole. 2000. \uc0\u8220{}Levees, Floods, and the River Network of Northern Babylonia: 2000-1500 and 1000-500 BC. - A preliminary report.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon: Focus mesopotamischer Geschichte, Wiege fr\uc0\u252{}her Gelehrsamkeit, Mythos in der Moderne.}, edited by Johannes Renger, 2:87\uc0\u8211{}110. Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cken: Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cker SDV.\
Gasche, H., S.W. Cole, and V.G. Gurzadyan. 1998. {\i{}Dating the Fall of Babylon. A Reappraisal of Second-Millennium Chronology.} Vol. {\i{}4}. Ghent & Chicago: unknown.\
Gasche, H., M. Tanret, S.W. Cole, and K. Verhoeven. 2002. \uc0\u8220{}Performence et instabilit\uc0\u233{} du r\uc0\u233{}seau fluviatile babylonien entre 2500 et 1500 avant notre \uc0\u232{}re.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Annales Histoire, Sciences Sociales} 2002, 3: 531\uc0\u8211{}544.\
Gasche, H., M. Tanret, and C. Degraeve, eds. 1994. {\i{}Cinquante-deux reflections sur le Proche-orient ancien offertes en hommage \uc0\u224{} L\uc0\u233{}on de Meijer.} Vol. {\i{}2}. Leuven: unknown.\
Gaster, M. 1899. {\i{}The Chronicles of Jerahmeel.} Vol. {\i{}IV}. London: unknown.\
Geller, M. 1997. \uc0\u8220{}The Last Wedge.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Zeitschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Assyriologie} 87: 43\uc0\u8211{}95.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2000. \uc0\u8220{}Graeco-Babyloniaca in Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon: Focus mesopotamischer Geschichte, Wiege fr\uc0\u252{}her Gelehrsamkeit, Mythos in der Moderne.}, edited by Johannes Renger, 2:377\uc0\u8211{}383. Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cken: Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cker SDV.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2005. \uc0\u8220{}Documents of the Incantation Priest: Utukku lemn\uc0\u363{}tu.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Literary and Scholastic Texts of the First Millennium B.C.}, edited by I. Spar and Wilfried Lambert, 2:134\uc0\u8211{}154. New York: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008a. \uc0\u8220{}Babylone dans le Talmud de Babylone.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 368\uc0\u8211{}372. Paris: Hazan.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008b. \uc0\u8220{}Graeco-Babylonian Utukk\uc0\u363{} Lemn\uc0\u363{}tu. 2008/33.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nouvelles Assyriologiques Br\uc0\u232{}ves et Utilitaires} 2008\uc0\u8211{}2: 43\uc0\u8211{}44.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008c. \uc0\u8220{}La science babylonienne au Ier mill\uc0\u233{}naire av. J.-C.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 303\uc0\u8211{}309. Paris: Hazan.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2010. \uc0\u8220{}M. J. Geller\uc0\u8217{}s copies of VAS XXIV 46+47, 48+51, 50 and 45+52+61.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Iraq} 72: 140-.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2011. \uc0\u8220{}Die theoretische Grundlage der babylonischen Heilkunde.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon. Wissenskultur in Orient und Okzident.}, edited by Eva Cancik-Kirschbaum, Joachim Marzahn, and Margarete Ess, 1:153\uc0\u8211{}157. Berlin: Walter Gruyter.\
Geller, M., H. Maehler, and A.D.E. Lewis, eds. 1995. {\i{}Legal Documents of the Hellenistic Period.} London: unknown.\
Geller, M., M. Mindlin, and J. Wansbrough, eds. 1987. {\i{}Figurative Language in the Ancient Near East.} London: unknown.\
George, A. 1979. \uc0\u8220{}The cuneiform text Tin.tir.ki = Babilu and the topography of Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 35: 232\uc0\u8211{}226.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1985. \uc0\u8220{}The topography of Babylon reconsidered.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 44: 7\uc0\u8211{}24.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1988. \uc0\u8220{}Babylonian Texts from the Folios of Sidney Smith, Part One.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Revue d\uc0\u8217{}Assyriologie et d\uc0\u8217{}Arch\uc0\u233{}ologie Orientale} 82: 139\uc0\u8211{}162.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1989. \uc0\u8220{}Review of J. van Dijk, Literarische Texte aus Babylon (VS 24).\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Bibliotheca Orientalia} 46: 378\uc0\u8211{}384.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1990. \uc0\u8220{}Tintir = Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Das wieder erstehende Babylon.}, edited by Robert Koldewey, 355\uc0\u8211{}371. Berlin & M\uc0\u252{}nchen: Beck.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1991. \uc0\u8220{}The City Wall of Babylon - a belt-cord. 1991/101.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nouvelles Assyriologiques Br\uc0\u232{}ves et Utilitaires} 1991\uc0\u8211{}4: 70\uc0\u8211{}71.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1992a. {\i{}Babylonian Topographical Texts.} Vol. {\i{}40}. Leuven: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1992b. \uc0\u8220{}Tintir V 50. 1992/125.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nouvelles Assyriologiques Br\uc0\u232{}ves et Utilitaires} 1992\uc0\u8211{}4: 91-.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1993a. \uc0\u8220{}Babylon revisited. Archaeology and Philology in Harness.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Antiquity} 67: 734\uc0\u8211{}764.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1993b. {\i{}House Most High: The Temples of Ancient Mesopotamia.} Vol. {\i{}5}. Winona Lake, IN: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1995. \uc0\u8220{}The Bricks of E-sagil.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Iraq} 57: 173\uc0\u8211{}197.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1996. \uc0\u8220{}Studies in Cultic Topography and Ideology (review article ofB. Pongratz-Leisten, Ina \uc0\u353{}ulmi \uc0\u299{}rub).\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Bibliotheca Orientalia} 53: 363\uc0\u8211{}395.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1997a. \uc0\u8220{}\uc0\u8216{}Bond of the Lands\uc0\u8217{}: Babylon, the cosmic capital.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Die orientalische Stadt: Kontinuit\uc0\u228{}t, Wandel, Bruch.}, edited by Gernod Wilhelm, 1:125\uc0\u8211{}145. Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cken: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1997b. \uc0\u8220{}Marduk and the cult of the gods of Nippur at Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Orientalia} 66: 65\uc0\u8211{}70.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1997c. \uc0\u8220{}The quarters of Babylon in the astronomical diaries. 1997/18.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nouvelles Assyriologiques Br\uc0\u232{}ves et Utilitaires} 1997\uc0\u8211{}1: 19-.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2000a. \uc0\u8220{}E-sangil and E-temen-anki, the Archetypal Cult-Centre.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon: Focus mesopotamischer Geschichte, Wiege fr\uc0\u252{}her Gelehrsamkeit, Mythos in der Moderne.}, edited by Johannes Renger, 2:67\uc0\u8211{}86. Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cken: Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cker SDV.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2000b. \uc0\u8220{}Four Temple Rituals from Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Wisdom, Gods and Literature: Studies in Assyriology in Honour of W.G. Lambert.}, edited by Andrew George and Irving L. Finkel, 259\uc0\u8211{}299. Winona Lake, IN: Eisenbrauns.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2001. \uc0\u8220{}Palace Names and Epithets, and the Vaulted Building.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 51: 38\uc0\u8211{}42.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2003. {\i{}The Babylonian Gilgamesh Epic. Introduction, critical edition and cuneiform texts I-II.} London: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2005a. \uc0\u8220{}Measurements of the Interior of the E-sagil Temple.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Literary and Scholastic Texts of the First Millennium B.C.}, edited by I. Spar and Wilfried Lambert, 2:267\uc0\u8211{}277. New York: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2005b. \uc0\u8220{}The Tower of Babel: archaeology, history and cuneiform texts.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Archiv f\uc0\u252{}r Orientforschung} 51: 75\uc0\u8211{}95.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008a. \uc0\u8220{}A tour of Nebuchadnezzar\uc0\u8217{}s Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon: Myth and Reality.}, edited by Irving L. Finkel and Michael Seymour, 54\uc0\u8211{}59. London: British Museum.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008b. \uc0\u8220{}Akkadian turru (turru B) \uc0\u8216{}corner angle\uc0\u8217{}, and the walls of Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Zeitschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Assyriologie} 98: 221\uc0\u8211{}229.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008c. \uc0\u8220{}Ancient descriptions: the Babylonian topographical texts.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon: Myth and Reality.}, edited by Irving L. Finkel and Michael Seymour, 60\uc0\u8211{}65. London: British Museum.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008d. \uc0\u8220{}Die babylonischen topographischen Texte.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon Wahrheit.}, edited by Joachim Marzahn and G\uc0\u252{}nter Schauerte, 405\uc0\u8211{}412. M\uc0\u252{}nchen: Hirmer.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008e. \uc0\u8220{}Les textes topographiques et m\uc0\u233{}trologiques babyloniens.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 153\uc0\u8211{}155. Paris: Hazan.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008f. \uc0\u8220{}Review of Peders\uc0\u233{}n, Olof Archive und Bibliotheken in Babylon, ADOG 25, 2005.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Bibliotheca Orientalia} 65: 712\uc0\u8211{}717.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008g. \uc0\u8220{}The truth about Etemenanki, the ziggurat of Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon: Myth and Reality.}, edited by Irving L. Finkel and Michael Seymour, 126\uc0\u8211{}130. London: British Museum.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2010. \uc0\u8220{}Xerxes and the Tower of Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}The World of Achaemenid Persia: History, Art and Society in Iran and the Ancient Near East.}, edited by John Curtis and St. J. Simpson, 471\uc0\u8211{}480. London: I.B. Tauris.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2011a. \uc0\u8220{}A Stele of Nebuchadnezzar II.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Cuneiform Royal Inscriptions and Related Texts in the Sch\uc0\u248{}yen Collection.}, edited by Andrew George, 17:153\uc0\u8211{}169. CDL Press.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}, ed. 2011b. {\i{}Cuneiform Royal Inscriptions and Related Texts in the Sch\uc0\u248{}yen Collection.} Vol. {\i{}17}. CDL Press.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2013. \uc0\u8220{}La Porte des Dieux: la topographie culturelle de Babylone d\uc0\u8217{}apr\uc0\u232{}s les textes cun\uc0\u233{}iformes.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}La tour de Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 29\uc0\u8211{}42. Rom: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2015. \uc0\u8220{}On Babylonian lavatories and sewers.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Iraq} 77: 75\uc0\u8211{}106.\
George, A., and I.L. Finkel, eds. 2000. {\i{}Wisdom, Gods and Literature: Studies in Assyriology in Honour of W.G. Lambert.} Winona Lake, IN: Eisenbrauns.\
George, A., and J. Taniguchi. 2010. \uc0\u8220{}The Dogs of Ninkilim, Part Two: Babylonian Rituals to Counter Field Pests.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Iraq} 72: 79\uc0\u8211{}148.\
Gesche, P.D. 2001. {\i{}Schulunterricht in Babylonien im ersten Jahrtausend v. Chr.} Vol. {\i{}275}. M\uc0\u252{}nster: Ugarit Verlag.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2005. \uc0\u8220{}Late Babylonian School Exercise Tablets.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Literary and Scholastic Texts of the First Millennium B.C.}, edited by I. Spar and Wilfried Lambert, 2:257\uc0\u8211{}265. New York: unknown.\
Ghirshman, R. 1966. {\i{}M\uc0\u233{}moires de la D\uc0\u233{}legation Arch\uc0\u233{}ologique en Iran 49.} Paris: unknown.\
Gladi\uc0\u223{}, A. 2008. \uc0\u8220{}Der Zauber der Zauberei - magische Medizin Babyloniens im Islam.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon Wahrheit.}, edited by Joachim Marzahn and G\uc0\u252{}nter Schauerte, 519\uc0\u8211{}526. M\uc0\u252{}nchen: Hirmer.\
Glassner, J.-J. 1993. {\i{}Chroniques m\uc0\u233{}sopotamiennes.} Paris: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2000. \uc0\u8220{}Histoire babylonienne et sa r\uc0\u233{}flexion dans les chroniques de l\uc0\u8217{}\uc0\u233{}poque babylonienne r\uc0\u233{}cente.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon: Focus mesopotamischer Geschichte, Wiege fr\uc0\u252{}her Gelehrsamkeit, Mythos in der Moderne.}, edited by Johannes Renger, 2:157\uc0\u8211{}166. Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cken: Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cker SDV.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2002. \uc0\u8220{}L\uc0\u8217{}Etemenanki, armature du cosmos. 2002/32.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nouvelles Assyriologiques Br\uc0\u232{}ves et Utilitaires} 2002\uc0\u8211{}2: 32\uc0\u8211{}34.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2003. {\i{}La Tour de Babylone. Que reste-t-il de la M\uc0\u233{}sopotamie.} Paris: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2011. \uc0\u8220{}Noch einmal: Der Turm zu Babylon und die vielen Sprachen.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon. Wissenskultur in Orient und Okzident.}, edited by Eva Cancik-Kirschbaum, Joachim Marzahn, and Margarete Ess, 1:295\uc0\u8211{}303. Berlin: Walter Gruyter.\
Goddeeris, A. 2002. {\i{}Economy and Society in Northern Babylonia in the Early Old Babylonian Period (ca. 2000-1800 BC).} Vol. {\i{}109}. Leuven: unknown.\
Goetze, A. 1944. \uc0\u8220{}Additions to Parker and Dubberstein\uc0\u8217{}s Babylonian Chronology.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Journal of Near Eastern Studies} 3: 43\uc0\u8211{}46.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1946. \uc0\u8220{}A cylinder of Nebuchadnezzar from Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}The Crozier Quarterly} 23/1: 65\uc0\u8211{}78.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1947. {\i{}Old Babylonian Omen Texts.} Vol. {\i{}10}. New Haven, CT: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1957. \uc0\u8220{}Reports on Acts of Extispicy from Old Babylonian and Kassite Times.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Journal of Cuneiform Studies} 11: 89\uc0\u8211{}109.\
Gousset, M.-T. 2008a. \uc0\u8220{}Byzance et la Russie m\uc0\u233{}di\uc0\u233{}vale.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 389-. Paris: Hazan.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008b. \uc0\u8220{}Images m\uc0\u233{}di\uc0\u233{}vales de Babylone dans les manuscrits occidentaux.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 382\uc0\u8211{}389. Paris: Hazan.\
Granxcy, A. 1996. \uc0\u8220{}Der Turm zu Babel - Ambivalenz eines Symbols der Kunst der Neuzeit.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Kunsthistorisches Jahrbuch Graz} 26: 186\uc0\u8211{}203.\
Grayson, A.K. 1975a. {\i{}Assyrian and Babylonian Chronicles.} Locust Valley & New York: Eisenbrauns. http://books.google.de/books/about/Assyrian_and_Babylonian_Chronicles.html?hl=&id=ydcGZA6k5nwC.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1975b. {\i{}Babylonian Historical-Literary Texts.} Vol. {\i{}3}. Toronto: unknown.\
Graziani, S. 1986. {\i{}I testi mesopotamici datati al regno di Serse (485-465 a. C.).} Rom: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2011. \uc0\u8220{}Babylon caput mundi. \uc0\u8216{}What city is like unto this great city?\uc0\u8217{}\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mesopotamia} 46: 41\uc0\u8211{}51.\
Graziani, S., and L. Cagni. 1999. \uc0\u8220{}Die Nutzung des Ackerbodens im Mesopotamien der achaemenidischen Zeit: Die Pachtauflage (imittu).\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Landwirtschaft im Alten Orient.}, edited by Horst Klengel and Johannes Renger, 18:187\uc0\u8211{}212. Berlin: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}, eds. 2000. {\i{}Studi in Vicino Oriente antico dedicati alla memoria di Luigi Cagni.} Vol. {\i{}61 (1\uc0\u8211{}4)}. Neaples: Istituto Universitario Orientale.\
Groneberg, B. 1980. {\i{}Die Orts- und Gew\uc0\u228{}ssernamen der altbabylonischen Zeit.} Vol. {\i{}3}. Wiesbaden: unknown.\
Gropp, G. 1979. \uc0\u8220{}Zwei ach\uc0\u228{}menidische Gef\uc0\u228{}sse mit Inschriften.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Arch\uc0\u228{}ologische Mitteilungen aus Iran} 12: 321\uc0\u8211{}326.\
Grube, F. 1979. \uc0\u8220{}Probleme der Trockenlegung von Baustellen und arch\uc0\u228{}ologischen Grabungen im oberfl\uc0\u228{}chennahen Grundwasserbereich.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 35: 267\uc0\u8211{}254.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1985. \uc0\u8220{}Probleme der Trockenlegung von Baustellen und arch\uc0\u228{}ologischen Grabungen im oberfl\uc0\u228{}chennahen Grundwasserbereich.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 41: 84\uc0\u8211{}88.\
Gruen, E.S., ed. 2005. {\i{}Cultural borrowings and and ethnic appropriations in Antiquity.} Vol. {\i{}8}. Stuttgart: unknown.\
Guinan, A.K., M. Ellis, A.J. Ferrara, S. Freedman, M. Rutz, L. Sassmannshausen, S. Tinney, and M. Waters, eds. 2006. {\i{}If a Man Builds a Joyful House: Assyriological Studies in Honor of Erle Verdun Leichty.} Leiden: unknown.\
Gullini, G. 1979. \uc0\u8220{}Babylon as cultural heritage.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 35: 193\uc0\u8211{}187.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1985. \uc0\u8220{}New suggestions on ziggurat of Aqarquf.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 41: 133\uc0\u8211{}137.\
Gurney, O.R. 1974. \uc0\u8220{}The fifth tablet of \uc0\u8216{}The Topography of Babylon.\uc0\u8217{}\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Iraq} 36: 39\uc0\u8211{}52.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1975. \uc0\u8220{}The quarters of Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Revue d\uc0\u8217{}Assyriologie et d\uc0\u8217{}Arch\uc0\u233{}ologie Orientale} 69: 95-.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1982. \uc0\u8220{}Three Contracts from Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Societies and Languages of the Ancient Near East: Studies in Honour of I. M. Diakonoff.}, edited by Muhammad Dandamaev, I. Gershevitch, Horst Klengel, G. Komor\uc0\u243{}czy, M.T. Larsen, and John Nicholas Postgate, 120\uc0\u8211{}128. Warminster: Aris & Phillips Ltd.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1989. {\i{}Literary and Miscellaneous Texts in the Ashmolean Museum.} Vol. {\i{}11}. Oxford: unknown.\
Haas, V. 2000. \uc0\u8220{}Die literarische Rezeption Babylons von der Antike bis zur Gegenwart.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon: Focus mesopotamischer Geschichte, Wiege fr\uc0\u252{}her Gelehrsamkeit, Mythos in der Moderne.}, edited by Johannes Renger, 2:523\uc0\u8211{}552. Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cken: Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cker SDV.\
Haase, C.-P. 2008a. \uc0\u8220{}Babylon in der arabischen und islamischen \uc0\u219{}berlieferung.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon Wahrheit.}, edited by Joachim Marzahn and G\uc0\u252{}nter Schauerte, 509\uc0\u8211{}518. M\uc0\u252{}nchen: Hirmer.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008b. \uc0\u8220{}Die Religionen in Babylonien vom Ach\uc0\u228{}menidenreich bis zum Islam.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon Wahrheit.}, edited by Joachim Marzahn and G\uc0\u252{}nter Schauerte, 505\uc0\u8211{}508. M\uc0\u252{}nchen: Hirmer.\
Hackl, J., M. Jursa, and M. Schmidl. 2014. {\i{}Sp\uc0\u228{}tbabylonische Briefe 1. Sp\uc0\u228{}tbabylonische Privatbriefe.} Vol. {\i{}414}. M\uc0\u252{}nster: Ugarit Verlag. https://books.google.com/books/about/Sp%C3%A4tbabylonische_Briefe.html?hl=&id=Lk7voQEACAAJ.\
Haerinck, E. 1972. \uc0\u8220{}Le palais ach\uc0\u233{}m\uc0\u233{}nide de Babylone.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Iran} 10: 108\uc0\u8211{}132.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1990. \uc0\u8220{}Babylon unter der Herrschaft der Achaemeniden.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Das wieder erstehende Babylon.}, edited by Robert Koldewey, 372\uc0\u8211{}384. Berlin & M\uc0\u252{}nchen: Beck.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1997. \uc0\u8220{}Babylonia under Achaemenid Rule.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Mesopotamia and Iran in the Persian Period.}, edited by John Curtis, 26\uc0\u8211{}34. London: unknown.\
Haerinck, E., and L. Meyer, eds. 1989. {\i{}Archeologia Iranica et Orientalis: miscellanea in honorem Louis Vanden Berghe.} Gent: unknown.\
Hall, H.R. 1930. {\i{}A Season\uc0\u8217{}s Work at Ur, al-\uc0\u8217{}Ubaid. Abu Shahrain (Eridu), and Elsewhere, being an unofficial account of the British Museum Archaeological Mission to Babylonia, 1919.} London: Methuen.\
Hallock, A.J., B. Landsberger, H.-S. Schuster, and A.J. Sachs. 1956. {\i{}Das Syllabar A. Das Vokabular Sa, Sb.} Vol. {\i{}3}. Rom: unknown.\
Harper, R.F. 1892. {\i{}Assyrian and Babylonian Letters Belonging to the K(oyjunjik) Collection(s) of the British Museum.} Chicago: unknown.\
Harvianen, T., H. Juusola, J. Laulainen, and H. Palva, eds. 2004. {\i{}Verbum et Calamus. Semitic and Related Studies in Honour of the Sixtieth Birthday of Professor Tapani Harviainen.} Vol. {\i{}99}. Helsinki: The Finnish Oriental Society.\
Hassan, H.A. 1985. \uc0\u8220{}A study of a stamp seal from Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 41: 80\uc0\u8211{}81.\
Hauser, S.R. 2000. \uc0\u8220{}Babylon in arsakidischer Zeit.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon: Focus mesopotamischer Geschichte, Wiege fr\uc0\u252{}her Gelehrsamkeit, Mythos in der Moderne.}, edited by Johannes Renger, 2:207\uc0\u8211{}239. Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cken: Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cker SDV.\
Haussoullier, B. 1909. \uc0\u8220{}Inscriptions greques de Babylone.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Klio. Beitr\uc0\u228{}ge zur alten Geschichte} 9: 352\uc0\u8211{}363.\
Hawkins, J.D. 2000. {\i{}Corpus of Hieroglyphic Luwian Inscriptions I: Inscriptions of the Iron Age. Vols. 1-3.} Berlin & New York: unknown.\
Hecker, K. 1966. {\i{}Die Keilschrifttexte der Universit\uc0\u228{}tsbibliothek Gie\uc0\u223{}en.} Vol. {\i{}9}. Gie\uc0\u223{}en: unknown.\
Hedin, S. 1917. {\i{}Bagdad, Babylon, Ninive.} Stockholm: unknown.\
Hee\uc0\u223{}el, N.P. 2000. {\i{}Babylonisch-assyrische Diagnostik.} Vol. {\i{}43}. M\uc0\u252{}nster: Ugarit Verlag.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008. \uc0\u8220{}Babylonische Wissenschaft - Medizin und Magie.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon Wahrheit.}, edited by Joachim Marzahn and G\uc0\u252{}nter Schauerte, 413\uc0\u8211{}428. M\uc0\u252{}nchen: Hirmer.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2011. \uc0\u8220{}\uc0\u8216{}Sieben Tafeln aus sieben St\uc0\u228{}dten\uc0\u8217{}: \uc0\u220{}berlegungen zum Prozess der Serialisierung von Texten in Babylonien in der zweiten H\uc0\u228{}lfte des zweiten Jahrtausends v. Chr.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon. Wissenskultur in Orient und Okzident.}, edited by Eva Cancik-Kirschbaum, Joachim Marzahn, and Margarete Ess, 1:171\uc0\u8211{}195. Berlin: Walter Gruyter.\
Heinrich, E. 1950. \uc0\u8220{}Moderne arabische Geh\uc0\u246{}fte am unteren Euphrat und ihre Beziehungen zum \uc0\u8216{}Babylonischen Hofhaus\uc0\u8217{}.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 82: 19\uc0\u8211{}46.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1975. \uc0\u8220{}Noch einmal: \uc0\u220{}berdachung des Thronsaals in Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Studia Orientalia} 46: 81\uc0\u8211{}90.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1982. {\i{}Die Tempel und Heiligt\uc0\u252{}mer im Alten Mesopotamien. Typologie, Morphologie und Geschichte.} Vol. {\i{}14}. Berlin: unknown.\
Heinrich, E., and U. Seidl. 1968. \uc0\u8220{}Mass und \uc0\u220{}bermass in der Dimensionierung von Bauwerken im alten Zweistromland.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 99: 5\uc0\u8211{}54.\
Hengstl, J. 2000. \uc0\u8220{}Der \uc0\u8216{}Codex\uc0\u8217{} Hammurapi und die Erforschung des babylonischen Rechts und seine Bedeutung f\uc0\u252{}r die vergleichende Rechtsgeschichte.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon: Focus mesopotamischer Geschichte, Wiege fr\uc0\u252{}her Gelehrsamkeit, Mythos in der Moderne.}, edited by Johannes Renger, 2:445\uc0\u8211{}465. Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cken: Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cker SDV.\
Henkelman, W.F.M., and A. Kuhrt, eds. 2003. {\i{}A Persian Perspective.} Vol. {\i{}13}. Leiden: Nederlands Instituut Nabije Oosten.\
Herrmann, K. 2008. \uc0\u8220{}\uc0\u8216{}An den Wassern Babels sassen wir\uc0\u8217{} - Babylon aus der Sicht des Judentums.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon Wahrheit.}, edited by Joachim Marzahn and G\uc0\u252{}nter Schauerte, 527\uc0\u8211{}548. M\uc0\u252{}nchen: Hirmer.\
Hibbert, M. 1984. \uc0\u8220{}Liebeslyrik in der arsakiden Zeit.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Die Welt des Orients} 15: 93\uc0\u8211{}95.\
Holtz, S.E. 2009. {\i{}Neo-Babylonian Court Procedure.} Vol. {\i{}39}. Leiden & Boston: unknown.\
Horn, S.H. 1971. {\i{}Mit dem Spaten an biblischen St\uc0\u228{}tten.} Berlin: unknown.\
Horowitz, W. 1991. \uc0\u8220{}Antiochus I, Esagil and a Celebration of the Ritual for Renovation of Temples.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Revue d\uc0\u8217{}Assyriologie et d\uc0\u8217{}Arch\uc0\u233{}ologie Orientale} 85: 75\uc0\u8211{}77.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1998. {\i{}Mesopotamian Cosmic Geography.} Winona Lake, IN: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2010. \uc0\u8220{}VAT 17081: A Forerunner to the Menology of Astrolabe B.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Veysel Donbaz\uc0\u8217{}a Sunulan Yaz\uc0\u305{}lar. DUB.SAR \uc0\u201{}.DUB.BA.A. Studies Presented in Honour of Veysel Donbaz.}, edited by \uc0\u350{} D\uc0\u246{}nmez, 183\uc0\u8211{}188. Istanbul: Ege Yayinlari.\
Horsnell, M. 1999. {\i{}The Year-Names of the First Dynasty of Babylon, vols I-II.} unknown.\
Howdary, G. 1910. {\i{}De gamle Osterlande.} Kopenhagen: unknown.\
H\uc0\u248{}yrup, J. 2000. \uc0\u8220{}Pythagorean \uc0\u8216{}Rule\uc0\u8217{} and \uc0\u8216{}Theorem\uc0\u8217{} - Mirror of the Relation between Babylonian and Greek Mathematics.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon: Focus mesopotamischer Geschichte, Wiege fr\uc0\u252{}her Gelehrsamkeit, Mythos in der Moderne.}, edited by Johannes Renger, 2:393\uc0\u8211{}407. Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cken: Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cker SDV.\
Hrouda, B. 1985. \uc0\u8220{}Some remarks on the topography of Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 41: 14\uc0\u8211{}15.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1990a. \uc0\u8220{}Antike Quellentexte mit \uc0\u220{}bersetzungen.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Das wieder erstehende Babylon.}, edited by Robert Koldewey, 390\uc0\u8211{}412. Berlin & M\uc0\u252{}nchen: Beck.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1990b. \uc0\u8220{}Biographie Robert Koldeweys.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Das wieder erstehende Babylon.}, edited by Robert Koldewey, 389\uc0\u8211{}390. Berlin & M\uc0\u252{}nchen: Beck.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1990c. \uc0\u8220{}Neue arch\uc0\u228{}ologische T\uc0\u228{}tigkeiten in Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Das wieder erstehende Babylon.}, edited by Robert Koldewey, 303\uc0\u8211{}303. Berlin & M\uc0\u252{}nchen: Beck.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1990d. \uc0\u8220{}Neue Grabungst\uc0\u228{}tigkeiten in Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Das wieder erstehende Babylon.}, edited by Robert Koldewey, 437\uc0\u8211{}440. Berlin & M\uc0\u252{}nchen: Beck.\
Hru\uc0\u353{}ka, B. 1969. \uc0\u8220{}Das sp\uc0\u228{}tbabylonische Lehrgedicht \uc0\u8216{}Inannas Erh\uc0\u246{}hung\uc0\u8217{}.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Arch\uc0\u237{}v Orient\uc0\u225{}ln\uc0\u237{}} 37: 473\uc0\u8211{}522.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1985. \uc0\u8220{}The mythical and historical man: A historical problem in early Babylonia.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 41: 126\uc0\u8211{}129.\
Hru\uc0\u353{}ka, B., and G. Komor\uc0\u243{}czy, eds. 1978a. {\i{}Festschrift Lubor Matou\uc0\u353{}, I.} Vol. {\i{}4}. Budapest: E\uc0\u246{}tv\uc0\u246{}s Lor\uc0\u225{}nd Tudom\uc0\u225{}nyegyetem, \uc0\u211{}kori T\uc0\u246{}rt\uc0\u233{}neti Tansz\uc0\u233{}kek.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}, eds. 1978b. {\i{}Festschrift Lubor Matou\uc0\u353{}, II.} Vol. {\i{}5}. Budapest: E\uc0\u246{}tv\uc0\u246{}s Lor\uc0\u225{}nd Tudom\uc0\u225{}nyegyetem, \uc0\u211{}kori T\uc0\u246{}rt\uc0\u233{}neti Tansz\uc0\u233{}kek.\
Huber, I. 2005. \uc0\u8220{}Ersatzk\uc0\u246{}nige in griechischem Gewand: Die Umformung der \uc0\u353{}ar p\uc0\u363{}\uc0\u7723{}i-Rituale bei Herodot, Berossos, Agathias und den Alexander-Historikern.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Von Sumer bis Homer. Festschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Manfred Schretter zum 60. Geburtstag am 23. Februar 2004.}, edited by Robert Rollinger, 325:339\uc0\u8211{}397. M\uc0\u252{}nster: Ugarit Verlag.\
Hudson, M., and B. Levine, eds. 1999. {\i{}Urbanization and Land Ownership in the Ancient Near East.} Vol. {\i{}7}. Cambridge, MA: unknown.\
Hudson, M., and M. Mieroop, eds. 2002. {\i{}Debt and Economic Renewal in the Ancient Near East.} Bethesda, MD: unknown.\
Hueter, G. 1996. {\i{}Grammatical Studies in the Akkadian Dialects of Babylon and Uruk 556-500 B.C.} Oxford: unknown.\
Hunein, Q.R. 1983. \uc0\u8220{}The 1980-1981 Excavations at Tell Ya\uc0\u8217{}asub al-Din in Babylon: Preliminary Results.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 39: 233\uc0\u8211{}250.\
Hunger, H. 1968. {\i{}Babylonische und assyrische Kolophone.} Vol. {\i{}2}. Neukirchen-Vluyn: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2007. \uc0\u8220{}How to make the gods speak: A late babylonian tablet related to the microzodiak.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Studies presented to Robert D. Biggs, June 4, 2004.}, edited by Martha Roth, F. Farber, Matthew Wolfgang Stolper, and P. Bechtolsheim, 27:141\uc0\u8211{}151. Chicago: The Oriental Institute.\
Hunter, E.C.D. 2000. \uc0\u8220{}Two Incantation Bowls from Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Iraq} 62: 139\uc0\u8211{}147.\
Huot, J.-L. 1990. \uc0\u8220{}Babylone, le centre du monde.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Naissance des cit\uc0\u233{}s.}, edited by J.-L. Huot, J.P. Thalmann, and D. Valbelle, 231\uc0\u8211{}253. Paris: unknown.\
Huot, J.-L., J.P. Thalmann, and D. Valbelle, eds. 1990. {\i{}Naissance des cit\uc0\u233{}s.} Paris: unknown.\
Institut, O.-A.D.A., ed. 2005. {\i{}- Aussenstelle Baghdad. 50 Jahre Forschungen im Irak 1955-2005.} Berlin: unknown.\
Invernizzi, A. 2000. \uc0\u8220{}Discovering Babylon with Pietro della Valle.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Proceedings of the First International Congress on the Archaeology of the Ancient Near East.}, edited by Paolo Matthiae, 1:643\uc0\u8211{}649. Rom: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2002. {\i{}Alla ricerca della Torre di Babele con i primi viaggiatori. in: Andante e ritorno d\uc0\u8217{}all antico Oriente}. Mailand.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008a. \uc0\u8220{}Babylone sous domination perse 539-331 av. J.-C.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 239\uc0\u8211{}243. Paris: Hazan.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008b. \uc0\u8220{}Die ersten Reisenden.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon Wahrheit.}, edited by Joachim Marzahn and G\uc0\u252{}nter Schauerte, 53\uc0\u8211{}56. M\uc0\u252{}nchen: Hirmer.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008c. \uc0\u8220{}Les dominations grecque et parthe 331 av. J.-C. - fin du Ier si\uc0\u232{}cle apr. J.-C.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 251\uc0\u8211{}258. Paris: Hazan.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008d. \uc0\u8220{}Les premiers voyageurs.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 505\uc0\u8211{}507. Paris: Hazan.\
Invernizzi, A., and J.-F. Salles, eds. 1993. {\i{}Arabia Antiqua. Hellenistic Centres around Arabia.} Vol. {\i{}70/2}. Rom: unknown.\
Ishaq, D. 1985. \uc0\u8220{}The excavations at the southern part of the procession street and Nab\uc0\u251{} \uc0\u353{}a \uc0\u7723{}ar\uc0\u234{} temple.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 41: 30\uc0\u8211{}33.\
Ishida, I. 1984. \uc0\u8220{}On the Human Remains in Himrin and other Sites in Iraq.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 40: 34\uc0\u8211{}36.\
Ismail, B.K. 1979. \uc0\u8220{}Structures of the Babylonian king Nabopolassar.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 35: 168\uc0\u8211{}167.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1985. \uc0\u8220{}New texts from the procession street.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 41: 34\uc0\u8211{}35.\
Jacobs, B., and R. Rollinger, eds. 2010. {\i{}Der Ach\uc0\u228{}menidenhof / The Achaemenid Court.} Wiesbaden: unknown.\
Jacobsen, T. 1939. {\i{}The Sumerian Kinglist.} Vol. {\i{}11}. Chicago: unknown.\
Jahjah, M., C. Ulivieri, A. Invernizzi, and R. Parapetti. 2007. \uc0\u8220{}Archaeological remote sensing application pre-post war situation of Babylon archaeological site\uc0\u8212{}Iraq.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Acta Astronautica} 61: 121\uc0\u8211{}130.\
Jakob-Rost, L. 1962. \uc0\u8220{}Ein babylonisches Omen aus dem Jahr 592 v.u.Z.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Forschungen und Berichte} 5: 31\uc0\u8211{}33.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1968. \uc0\u8220{}Ein neubabylonisches Tontafelarchiv aus dem 7. Jahrhunderts v. u. Z.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Forschungen und Berichte} 10: 39\uc0\u8211{}62.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1970. \uc0\u8220{}Urkunden des 7. Jahrhunderts v. u. Z. aus Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Forschungen und Berichte} 12: 49\uc0\u8211{}60.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1977. {\i{}Die Stempelsiegel im Vorderasiatischen Museum Berlin.} Berlin: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1980. \uc0\u8220{}Architekturdenkm\uc0\u228{}ler in der Vorderasiatischen Abteilung.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Forschungen und Berichte} 20/21: 219\uc0\u8211{}222.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1984. \uc0\u8220{}Zur Zikkurrat von Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Forschungen und Berichte} 24: 59\uc0\u8211{}62.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1985. \uc0\u8220{}Mischbier f\uc0\u252{}r Nab\uc0\u251{}.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Orientalia} 54: 73\uc0\u8211{}76.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1989. \uc0\u8220{}Borsippa.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Forschungen und Berichte} 27: 65\uc0\u8211{}88.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1993. \uc0\u8220{}Ein merkw\uc0\u252{}rdiger Haushaltsgegenstand aus Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Everyday Life in Ancient Near East.}, edited by Julia Zablocka and Stefan Zawadski, 4:119\uc0\u8211{}122. Pozn\uc0\u225{}n: unknown.\
Jakob-Rost, L., and H. Freydank. 1972. \uc0\u8220{}Sp\uc0\u228{}tbabylonische Rechtsurkunden aus Babylon mit aram\uc0\u228{}ischen Beischriften.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Forschungen und Berichte} 14: 7\uc0\u8211{}35.\
Jakob-Rost, L., and J. Marzahn. 1983. {\i{}Babylon.} Berlin: unknown.\
James, P., and M.A. Sluijs. 2008. \uc0\u8220{}Ziggurats, Colors, and Planets: Rawlinson Revisited.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Journal of Cuneiform Studies} 60: 57\uc0\u8211{}79.\
Jaritz, K. 1958. \uc0\u8220{}Quellen zur Geschichte der Ka\uc0\u353{}\uc0\u353{}\uc0\u251{}-Dynastie.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen des Instituts f\uc0\u252{}r Orientforschung} 6: 187\uc0\u8211{}265.\
Jepsen, A., and H. Freydank. 1976. {\i{}Von Sinuhe bis Nebukadnezar: Dokumente aus der Umwelt des Alten Testaments.} Stuttgart: unknown.\
Jeremias, A. 1903. {\i{}Im Kampfe um Babel und Bibel. Ein Wort zur Verst\uc0\u228{}ndigung und Abwehr.} Leipzig: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1929. {\i{}Handbuch der altorientalischen Geisteskultur.} Berlin & Leipzig: unknown.\
Joann\uc0\u232{}s, F. 1980. \uc0\u8220{}Textes n\uc0\u233{}o-babyloniens de Strasbourg.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Revue d\uc0\u8217{}Assyriologie et d\uc0\u8217{}Arch\uc0\u233{}ologie Orientale} 74: 145\uc0\u8211{}169.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1982. {\i{}Textes \uc0\u233{}conomiques de la Babylonie r\uc0\u233{}cente. \uc0\u201{}tudes des textes de TBER - Cahier no 6.} Vol. {\i{}5}. Paris: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1989a. {\i{}Archives de Borsippa: la famille Ea-Il\uc0\u251{}ta-B\uc0\u226{}ni\uc0\u8239{}: \uc0\u233{}tude d\uc0\u8217{}un lot d\uc0\u8217{}archives familiales en Babylonie du VIIIe au Ve si\uc0\u232{}cle av. J.-C.} Vol. {\i{}25}. Gen\uc0\u232{}ve: Librairie Droz. http://books.google.de/books/about/Archives_de_Borsippa.html?hl=&id=Hh-GRvIwZp8C.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1989b. \uc0\u8220{}Un quartier fant\uc0\u244{}me de Babylone. 1989/78.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nouvelles Assyriologiques Br\uc0\u232{}ves et Utilitaires} 1989\uc0\u8211{}3: 54\uc0\u8211{}55.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1991. \uc0\u8220{}R\uc0\u233{}parations dans l\uc0\u8217{}Esagil en 92 avant J.-C.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Orient-Express} 1991/1: 11-.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1996. \uc0\u8220{}Textes judiciaires n\uc0\u233{}o-babyloniens, collation et r\uc0\u233{}\uc0\u233{}dition. 1996/66.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nouvelles Assyriologiques Br\uc0\u232{}ves et Utilitaires} 1996\uc0\u8211{}2: 56\uc0\u8211{}58.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2000a. {\i{}La M\uc0\u233{}sopotamie au Ier mill\uc0\u233{}naire av. J-C..} Paris: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2000b. \uc0\u8220{}Une chronique judiciaire d\uc0\u8217{}\uc0\u233{}poque hell\uc0\u233{}nistique et le ch\uc0\u226{}timent des sacril\uc0\u232{}ges \uc0\u224{} Babylone.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Assyriologica et semitica.}, edited by Joachim Marzahn, Hans Neumann, and Andreas Fuchs, 252:193\uc0\u8211{}211. M\uc0\u252{}nster: Ugarit Verlag.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2005. \uc0\u8220{}Les relations entre Babylonie et Iran au debut de la p\uc0\u233{}riode ach\uc0\u233{}m\uc0\u233{}nide: quelques remarques.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Approaching the Babylonian Economy.}, edited by Michael Jursa and Heather Baker, 330:183\uc0\u8211{}196. M\uc0\u252{}nster: Ugarit Verlag.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008. \uc0\u8220{}La vie \uc0\u233{}conomique et sociale \uc0\u224{} Babylone dans la Babylonie tardive.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 179\uc0\u8211{}181. Paris: Hazan.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2011. \uc0\u8220{}L\uc0\u8217{}\uc0\u233{}criture publique du pouvoir \uc0\u224{} Babylone sous Nabuchodonosor II.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon. Wissenskultur in Orient und Okzident.}, edited by Eva Cancik-Kirschbaum, Joachim Marzahn, and Margarete Ess, 1:113\uc0\u8211{}120. Berlin: Walter Gruyter.\
Joann\uc0\u232{}s, F., and D. Charpin, eds. 1992. {\i{}La circulation des biens, des personnes et des id\uc0\u233{}es dans le Proche-Orient Ancien.} Vol. {\i{}38}. Paris: unknown.\
Johanning, K. 1988. {\i{}Der Babel-Bibel-Streit. Eine forschungsgeschichtliche Studie.} Frankfurt/Main: unknown.\
Jotheri, J., M.B. Allen, and T.J. Wilkinson. 2016. \uc0\u8220{}Holocene Avulsions of the Euphrates River in the Najaf Area of Western Mesopotamia: Impacts on Human Settlement Patterns.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Geoarchaeology} 31: 175\uc0\u8211{}193, 1\uc0\u8211{}19, Suppl. 1-27. doi:10.1002/gea.21548.\
Jursa, M. 1995. \uc0\u8220{}Review of C. Wunsch, Die Urkunden des babylonischen Gesch\uc0\u228{}ftsmannes Iddin-Marduk, I-II.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Archiv f\uc0\u252{}r Orientforschung} 42/43: 255\uc0\u8211{}262.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1997. \uc0\u8220{}Neu- und sp\uc0\u228{}tbabylonische Texte aus den Sammlungen der Birmingham Museums and Art Gallery.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Iraq} 59: 97\uc0\u8211{}174.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1998. {\i{}Der Tempelzehnt in Babylonien von siebenten bis zum dritten Jahrhundert v. Chr.} Vol. {\i{}254}. M\uc0\u252{}nster: Ugarit Verlag.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2000. \uc0\u8220{}\uc0\u7789{}erdu. Von Entf\uc0\u252{}hrung in Babylon und Majest\uc0\u228{}tsbeleidigung in Larsa.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Studi in Vicino Oriente antico dedicati alla memoria di Luigi Cagni.}, edited by S. Graziani and L. Cagni, 61 (1\uc0\u8211{}4):497\uc0\u8211{}514. Neaples: Istituto Universitario Orientale.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2002. \uc0\u8220{}Florilegium babyloniacum: Neue Texte aus hellenistischer und sp\uc0\u228{}tach\uc0\u228{}menidischer Zeit.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Mining the Archives. Festschrift for Christopher Walker on the Occasion of His 60th Birthday.}, edited by Cornelia Wunsch, 1:107\uc0\u8211{}130. Dresden: ISLET.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2004a. {\i{}Die Babylonier, Geschichte, Gesellschaft, Kultur.} M\uc0\u252{}nchen: Beck.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2004b. \uc0\u8220{}Grundz\uc0\u252{}ge der Wirtschaftsformen Babyloniens im ersten Jahrtausend v. Chr..\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Commerce and Monetary Systems in the Ancient World: Means of Transmission and Cultural Interaction.}, edited by C. Ulf and Robert Rollinger, 6:115\uc0\u8211{}136. Stuttgart: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2005a. \uc0\u8220{}Ein Kuyunjik-Brief in Paris, Marduk-apla-iddina in Babylon. 2005/7.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nouvelles Assyriologiques Br\uc0\u232{}ves et Utilitaires} 2005\uc0\u8211{}1: 6\uc0\u8211{}7.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2005b. {\i{}Neo-Babylonian Legal and Administrative Documents: Typology, Contents and Archives.} Vol. {\i{}1}. M\uc0\u252{}nster: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2006. \uc0\u8220{}Agricultural Management, Tax Farming and Banking: Aspects of Entrepreneurial Activity in Babylonian the Late Achaemenid and Hellenistic Periods.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}La transition entre l\uc0\u8217{}empire ach\uc0\u233{}m\uc0\u233{}nide et les royaumes hell\uc0\u233{}nistiques (vers 350-300 av. J.-C.).}, edited by P. Briant and Friedrich Joann\uc0\u232{}s, 9:137\uc0\u8211{}227. Paris: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2007. \uc0\u8220{}Texte aus dem \uc0\u8216{}Palastarchiv\uc0\u8217{} Nebukadnezars, ausserhalb von Berlin. 2007/54.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nouvelles Assyriologiques Br\uc0\u232{}ves et Utilitaires} 2007\uc0\u8211{}3: 69-.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2010a. {\i{}Aspects of the Economic History of Babylonia in the First Millennium BC.} Vol. {\i{}377}. M\uc0\u252{}nster: Ugarit Verlag.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2010b. \uc0\u8220{}Der neubabylonische Hof.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Der Ach\uc0\u228{}menidenhof / The Achaemenid Court.}, edited by B. Jacobs and Robert Rollinger, 67\uc0\u8211{}106. Wiesbaden: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2011. \uc0\u8220{}\uc0\u8216{}H\uc0\u246{}flinge\uc0\u8217{} (\uc0\u353{}a r\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u353{}i, \uc0\u353{}a r\uc0\u275{}\uc0\u353{} \uc0\u353{}arri. ustarbaru) in babylonischen Quellen des ersten Jahrtausends.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Ktesias\uc0\u8217{} Welt / Ctesias\uc0\u8217{} World.}, edited by Josef Wieseh\uc0\u246{}fer, Robert Rollinger, and G. B. Lanfranchi, 159\uc0\u8211{}173. Wiesbaden: Harrassowitz.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2013. \uc0\u8220{}Die babylonische Priesterschaft im ersten Jahrtausend v. Chr.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Tempel im Alten Orient.}, edited by Michael Roaf, Kai Kaniuth, Anne L\uc0\u246{}hnert, Jared L Miller, Adelheid Otto, and Walter Sallaberger, 7:151\uc0\u8211{}165. Wiesbaden: Harrassowitz.\
Jursa, M., and H. Baker, eds. 2005. {\i{}Approaching the Babylonian Economy.} Vol. {\i{}330}. M\uc0\u252{}nster: Ugarit Verlag.\
Kamel, A. 1979a. \uc0\u8220{}The inner wall of Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 35: 149\uc0\u8211{}142.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1979b. \uc0\u8220{}The Vaulted Structures or the so-called Hanging Gardens.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 35: 136\uc0\u8211{}131.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1985. \uc0\u8220{}The Vaulted Structure.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 41: 58\uc0\u8211{}60.\
Karstens, K. 1995. \uc0\u8220{}\uc0\u220{}berlegungen zur Rekonstruktion der Fassade am Thronsaal Nebukadnezars II. in Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 127: 57\uc0\u8211{}81.\
Karvonen-Kannas, K. 1995. {\i{}The Seleucid and Parthian Terracotta Figurines from Babylon in the Iraq Museum, the British Museum and the Louvre.} Vol. {\i{}4}. Florence: unknown.\
Katz, D. 2011. \uc0\u8220{}Reconstructing Babylon: Recycling Mythological Traditions Toward a New Theology.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon. Wissenskultur in Orient und Okzident.}, edited by Eva Cancik-Kirschbaum, Joachim Marzahn, and Margarete Ess, 1:123\uc0\u8211{}134. Berlin: Walter Gruyter.\
Kennedy, D.A. 1968. {\i{}Late-Babylonian Economic Texts.} Vol. {\i{}49}. London: unknown.\
Kessler, K. 2000. \uc0\u8220{}Hellenistische Tempelverwaltungstexte. Eine Nachlese zu CT 49.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Assyriologica et semitica.}, edited by Joachim Marzahn, Hans Neumann, and Andreas Fuchs, 252:213\uc0\u8211{}241. M\uc0\u252{}nster: Ugarit Verlag.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2006. \uc0\u8220{}review of M.J.H. Linssen, The Cults of Uruk and Babylon, and T. Boiy, Late Achaemenid and Hellenistic Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Zeitschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Assyriologie} 96: 278\uc0\u8211{}280.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008a. \uc0\u8220{}Das wahre Ende Babylons - die Tradition der Aram\uc0\u228{}er, Mand\uc0\u228{}er, Juden und M\uc0\u228{}nich\uc0\u228{}er.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon Wahrheit.}, edited by Joachim Marzahn and G\uc0\u252{}nter Schauerte, 467\uc0\u8211{}486. M\uc0\u252{}nchen: Hirmer.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008b. \uc0\u8220{}Lukian und Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Geburtskolloquium zu Ehren von Joachim Oelsner.}, edited by Manfred Krebernik and Hans Neumann. Stuttgart: unknown.\
Khoury, R.G. 1988. \uc0\u8220{}Babylon in der \uc0\u228{}ltesten Version \uc0\u252{}ber die Geschichte der Propheten im Islam.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Ad bene et fideliter seminandum.}, edited by Gerlinde Mauer and Ursula Magen, 220:128\uc0\u8211{}144. Neukirchen-Vluyn: Neukirchener Verlag.\
Kienast, B. 1979. \uc0\u8220{}The name of the city of Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 35: 248\uc0\u8211{}246.\
Kienast, B., and W. Sommerfeld. 1994. {\i{}Glossar zu den altakkadischen K\uc0\u246{}nigsinschriften.} Vol. {\i{}8}. Stuttgart: unknown.\
Killick, R.G. 1985. \uc0\u8220{}Flood control in northern Babylonia.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 41: 121\uc0\u8211{}123.\
King, L.W. 1895. \uc0\u8220{}Some recent acquisitions of the British Museum.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Zeitschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Assyriologie} 10: 95\uc0\u8211{}98.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1898. {\i{}The Letters and Inscriptions of Hammurabi, King of Babylon, about B.C. 2200 (3 volumes).} London: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1912. {\i{}Babylonian boundary-stones and memorial-tablets in the British Museum.} London: unknown.\
Kingery, W.D., ed. 1985. {\i{}Ancient technology and to modern science: Ceramics and Civilisation I.} Columbus, Ohio: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}, ed. 1986. {\i{}Technology and Style: Ceramics and Civilisation II.} Columbus, Ohio: unknown.\
Kirk, G.E. 1935. \uc0\u8220{}Gymnasium or khan? A Hellenistic building at Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Iraq} 2: 223\uc0\u8211{}231.\
Klauser, T., and E. Dassmann, eds. 1950. {\i{}Reallexikon f\uc0\u252{}r Antike und Christentum}. Stuttgart: unknown.\
Kleber, K. 2007. \uc0\u8220{}Z\uc0\u275{}ria, \uc0\u353{}atammu von Esangila und die Entstehung des \uc0\u8216{}Strophengedichts\uc0\u8217{}. 2007/52.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nouvelles Assyriologiques Br\uc0\u232{}ves et Utilitaires} 2007\uc0\u8211{}3: 65\uc0\u8211{}66.\
Klengel, H. 1960. \uc0\u8220{}Neue Lama\uc0\u353{}tu-Amulette aus dem Vorderasiatischen Museum zu Berlin und dem British Museum.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen des Instituts f\uc0\u252{}r Orientforschung} 7: 334\uc0\u8211{}355.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1962. \uc0\u8220{}Babylon zur Zeit der Perser, Griechen und Parther.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Forschungen und Berichte} 5: 40\uc0\u8211{}53.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1973. {\i{}Altbabylonische Rechts- und Wirtschaftsurkunden.} Vol. {\i{}18}. Berlin: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1977. {\i{}Hammurapi von Babylon und seine Zeit.} Berlin: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1978. \uc0\u8220{}Eine altbabylonische Kaufurkunde aus Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Festschrift Lubor Matou\uc0\u353{}, I.}, edited by B. Hru\uc0\u353{}ka and G. Komor\uc0\u243{}czy, 4:201\uc0\u8211{}207. Budapest: E\uc0\u246{}tv\uc0\u246{}s Lor\uc0\u225{}nd Tudom\uc0\u225{}nyegyetem, \uc0\u211{}kori T\uc0\u246{}rt\uc0\u233{}neti Tansz\uc0\u233{}kek.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1982a. \uc0\u8220{}Die \uc0\u246{}stliche Neustadt Babylons in Texten der altbabylonischen Zeit.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Societies and Languages of the Ancient Near East: Studies in Honour of I. M. Diakonoff.}, edited by Muhammad Dandamaev, I. Gershevitch, Horst Klengel, G. Komor\uc0\u243{}czy, M.T. Larsen, and John Nicholas Postgate, 169\uc0\u8211{}173. Warminster: Aris & Phillips Ltd.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}, ed. 1982b. {\i{}Gesellschaft und Kultur im Alten Orient.} Vol. {\i{}15}. Berlin: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1983a. {\i{}Altbabylonische Texte aus Babylon.} Vol. {\i{}22}. Berlin: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1983b. \uc0\u8220{}Bemerkungen zu den altbabylonischen Rechtsurkunden und Wirtschaftstexten aus Babylon (VS 22: 1-82).\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Altorientalische Forschungen} 10: 5\uc0\u8211{}48.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1984. \uc0\u8220{}Altbabylonische Texte aus Babylon. Eine Nachlese zu VS 22.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Altorientalische Forschungen} 11: 92\uc0\u8211{}109.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1985. \uc0\u8220{}New historical and topographical evidence from old babylonian tablets discovered in Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 41: 105\uc0\u8211{}107.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1986. \uc0\u8220{}Altbabylonische Privatarchive Babylons.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Cuneiform Archives and Libraries.}, edited by Klaas Veenhof, 57:106\uc0\u8211{}111. Leiden: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1991a. \uc0\u8220{}\uc0\u7722{}ammurapi von Babylon: neue Informationen aus dem Schriftzeugnis seiner Zeit.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Near Eastern Studies Dedicated to H. I. H. Prince Takahito Mikasa on the Occasion of His Seventy-Fifth Birthday}, edited by M. Mori, H. Ogawa, and Mamuro Yoshikawa, 179\uc0\u8211{}191. Wiesbaden: Harrassowitz.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1991b. {\i{}K\uc0\u246{}nig Hammurapi und der Alltag Babylons.} Z\uc0\u252{}rich: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2006. \uc0\u8220{}Stadt und Volk von Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Die Terrakotten von Babylon im Vorderasiatischen Museum Berlin: Die anthropomorphen Figuren.}, edited by Evelyn Klengel-Brandt and Nadja Cholidis, 115:33\uc0\u8211{}45. Saarwellingen: sdv Saarl\uc0\u228{}ndische Druckerei und Verlag.\
Klengel, H., and F.R. Kraus. 1983. \uc0\u8220{}Sp\uc0\u228{}t-altbabylonische Briefe aus Babylon (VS 22: 83-92).\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Altorientalische Forschungen} 10: 49\uc0\u8211{}63.\
Klengel, H., and J. Renger, eds. 1999. {\i{}Landwirtschaft im Alten Orient.} Vol. {\i{}18}. Berlin: unknown.\
Klengel-Brandt, E. 1969. \uc0\u8220{}Siegelabrollungen aus dem Babylon der Sp\uc0\u228{}tzeit.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Oriens Antiquus} 8: 329\uc0\u8211{}336.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1970a. \uc0\u8220{}Pazuzu-K\uc0\u246{}pfe aus Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Forschungen und Berichte} 12: 37\uc0\u8211{}40.\
Klengel-Brandt, E. 1970b. {\i{}Reise in das alte Babylon.} Leipzig: unknown.\
Klengel-Brandt, E. 1982. {\i{}Der Turm von Babylon: Legende und Geschichte eines Bauwerkes.} Berlin & Leipzig: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1983. \uc0\u8220{}Siegelabrollungen auf altbabylonischen Tontafeln aus Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Altorientalische Forschungen} 10: 65\uc0\u8211{}106.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1985. \uc0\u8220{}Some remarks on the terracotta figurines from Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 41: 118\uc0\u8211{}120.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1988. {\i{}Die Herrscher von Assur.} Berlin: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1990. \uc0\u8220{}Gab es ein Museum in der Hauptburg Nebukadnezars II. in Babylon?\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Forschungen und Berichte} 28: 41\uc0\u8211{}46.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1993. \uc0\u8220{}Die hellenistische Kultur in Babylon: Das Zeugnis der Terrakotten.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Arabia Antiqua. Hellenistic Centres around Arabia.}, edited by Antonio Invernizzi and J.-F. Salles, 70/2:183\uc0\u8211{}184. Rom: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1997. \uc0\u8220{}Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}The Oxford Encyclopedia of Archaeology in the Near East, vol. I}, edited by Eric M. Meyers, 251\uc0\u8211{}256. New York & Oxford: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2000. \uc0\u8220{}Babylon und das Vorderasiatische Museum.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon: Focus mesopotamischer Geschichte, Wiege fr\uc0\u252{}her Gelehrsamkeit, Mythos in der Moderne.}, edited by Johannes Renger, 2:241\uc0\u8211{}252. Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cken: Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cker SDV.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008a. \uc0\u8220{}Ein G\uc0\u246{}ttersymbol aus Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Fundstellen: Gesammelte Schriften zur Arch\uc0\u228{}ologie und Geschichte Altvorderasiens ad honorem Hartmut K\uc0\u252{}hne.}, edited by Dominik Bonatz, Rainer Czichon, and Janoscha Kreppner, 79\uc0\u8211{}82. Wiesbaden: Harrassowitz.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008b. \uc0\u8220{}La culture mat\uc0\u233{}rielle \uc0\u224{} l\uc0\u8217{}\uc0\u233{}poque kassite.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 110\uc0\u8211{}111. Paris: Hazan.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008c. \uc0\u8220{}La culture mat\uc0\u233{}rielle \uc0\u224{} l\uc0\u8217{}\uc0\u233{}poque pal\uc0\u233{}o-babylonienne.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 58\uc0\u8211{}59. Paris: Hazan.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008d. \uc0\u8220{}La culture mat\uc0\u233{}rielle au d\uc0\u233{}but de IIe mill\uc0\u233{}naire avant J.-C.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 133-. Paris: Hazan.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008e. \uc0\u8220{}La culture mat\uc0\u233{}rielle sous l\uc0\u8217{}empire n\uc0\u233{}o-babylonien.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 172\uc0\u8211{}174. Paris: Hazan.\
Klengel-Brandt, E. 2016. \uc0\u8220{}Die Terrakotten aus Babylon und Assur\uc0\u8239{}: ein typologischer Vergleich.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Antike Welt. Zeitschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Arch\uc0\u228{}ologie und Kulturgeschichte} 2/47: 37\uc0\u8211{}39.\
Klengel-Brandt, E., and N. Cholidis, eds. 2006a. {\i{}Die Terrakotten von Babylon im Vorderasiatischen Museum Berlin: Die anthropomorphen Figuren.} Vol. {\i{}115}. Saarwellingen: sdv Saarl\uc0\u228{}ndische Druckerei und Verlag.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2006b. {\i{}Die Terrakotten von Babylon im Vorderasiatischen Museum Berlin: Die anthropomorphen Figuren.} Vol. {\i{}115}. Saarwellingen: unknown.\
Koch, J. 2000. \uc0\u8220{}Neues von den babylonischen Planeten-Hypsomata.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Die Welt des Orients} 31: 46\uc0\u8211{}71.\
K\uc0\u246{}cher, F. 1955. {\i{}Keilschrifttexte zur assyrisch-babylonischen Drogen- und Pflanzenkunde, Texte der Serien uru.an.na\uc0\u8239{}: maltakal, \uc0\u7722{}AR.ra\uc0\u8239{}: \uc0\u7723{}ubullu und \uc0\u218{}.GAR-\uc0\u353{}\uc0\u250{}.} Berlin: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1971. {\i{}Keilschrifttexte aus Assur 4, Babylon, Nippur, Sippar, Uruk und unbekannter Herkunft.} Vol. {\i{}4}. Berlin: Walter Gruyter. https://market.android.com/details?id=book-3CrSWeWU2YUC.\
Kogan, L., ed. 2005. {\i{}Babel und Bibel 2. Memoriae Igor M. Diakonoff.} Vol. {\i{}8}. Winona Lake, IN: unknown.\
Kohler, J., and F.E. Peiser. 1890. {\i{}Aus dem babylonischen Rechtsleben, I-IV.} Leipzig: unknown.\
Koldewey, R. 1899a. \uc0\u8220{}Aus den Berichten des Herrn Dr. R. Koldewey an die General-Verwaltung der K\uc0\u246{}nigl. Museen.Aleppo, 6.2.1899. Bagdad, 8.3.: 16.3.1899.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 1: 10\uc0\u8211{}12.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1899b. \uc0\u8220{}Aus den Berichten Dr. Koldewey\uc0\u8217{}s. Babylon, 15.5.; 29.5.: 12.6.; 17.7.; 6.8.; 28.8.; 16.9.; 15.11.; 27.11.1899.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 3: 1\uc0\u8211{}11.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1899c. \uc0\u8220{}Aus den Berichten Dr. Koldewey\uc0\u8217{}s. Babylon, 27.3.; 4.4.; 10.4.; 17.4.; 1.5.1899.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 2: 3\uc0\u8211{}6.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1899d. \uc0\u8220{}Privatbrief Dr. Koldewey\uc0\u8217{}s an ein Vorstandsmitglied der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft. Babylon, 24.4.1899.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 2: 7\uc0\u8211{}10.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1900a. \uc0\u8220{}Aus den Berichten Dr. Koldewey\uc0\u8217{}s. Babylon, 5.1.; 28.1.; 10.2.1900.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 4: 1\uc0\u8211{}9.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1900b. \uc0\u8220{}Aus den Berichten Dr. Koldewey\uc0\u8217{}s. Babylon, 12.9.; 28.9.1900.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 6: 1\uc0\u8211{}3.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1900c. \uc0\u8220{}Aus vier Briefen Dr. Koldewey\uc0\u8217{}s. Babylon, 25.3.; 20.4.; 10.7.; 18.7.1900.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 5: 1\uc0\u8211{}9.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1900d. \uc0\u8220{}Die G\uc0\u246{}tter Adad und Marduk.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 5: 11\uc0\u8211{}15.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1900e. \uc0\u8220{}Die Pflastersteine von Aibur-schabu in Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 6: 3\uc0\u8211{}11.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1900f. \uc0\u8220{}Zum Plan des \uc0\u8216{}Kasr\uc0\u8217{} in Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 4: 9\uc0\u8211{}14.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1901a. \uc0\u8220{}Aus acht Briefen Dr. Koldewey\uc0\u8217{}s. Babylon, 5.3.; 14.3.; 1.4.; 15.4.; 5.5.; 3.6.; 24.6.; 20.7.1901.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 8: 2\uc0\u8211{}10.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1901b. \uc0\u8220{}Aus den Berichten Dr. Koldewey\uc0\u8217{}s. Babylon, 12.12.; 24.12.1900; 23.1.1901.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 7: 11\uc0\u8211{}14.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1901c. \uc0\u8220{}Aus sechs Briefen Dr. Koldewey\uc0\u8217{}s. Babylon, 14.8.; 25.8.; 31.8.; 9.9.; 20.9.; 14.10.1901.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 9: 2\uc0\u8211{}8.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1901d. \uc0\u8220{}Aus zwei Briefen Dr. Koldewey\uc0\u8217{}s. Babylon, 28.10.; 4.11.1901.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 10: 10\uc0\u8211{}13.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1901e. \uc0\u8220{}Ausgrabungen im Tell Amran-ibn-Ali.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 7: 15\uc0\u8211{}25.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1901f. \uc0\u8220{}Der \uc0\u8216{}Grenzstein\uc0\u8217{} aus Amran.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 7: 25\uc0\u8211{}29.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1901g. {\i{}Die Pflastersteine von Aiburschabu in Babylon.} Vol. {\i{}2}. Leipzig: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1901h. \uc0\u8220{}Dr. Koldewey\uc0\u8217{}s Begleitworte. Zu den Inschriften: 6614, 7670, 12003. Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 9: 8\uc0\u8211{}11.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1901i. \uc0\u8220{}Zum Plan des H\uc0\u252{}gels Amran-ibn-Ali in Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 7: 29\uc0\u8211{}31.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1902a. \uc0\u8220{}Acht Briefe Dr. Koldewey\uc0\u8217{}s (teilweise Auszug). Babylon, 18.2.; 18.5.; 31.5.1902;Fara, 20.6.; 10.7.; 31.7.; 14.8.1902; Babylon 14.9.1902.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 15: 6\uc0\u8211{}24.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1902b. \uc0\u8220{}Aus sieben Briefen Dr. Koldewey\uc0\u8217{}s. Babylon, 17.11.; 8.12.; 16.12.; 22.12.1901; 1.1.; 18.1.; 28.1.1902.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 11: 4\uc0\u8211{}13.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1902c. \uc0\u8220{}Auszug aus einem zweiten, inzwischen eingetroffenen Briefe Dr. Koldewey\uc0\u8217{}s, Babylon, 14.3.1902.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 12: 13\uc0\u8211{}17.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1902d. \uc0\u8220{}Auszug aus zwei Briefen Dr. Koldewey\uc0\u8217{}s. Babylon, 31.3.; 18.5.1902.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 13: 12\uc0\u8211{}14.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1902e. \uc0\u8220{}Zum Kasr-Plan von 1901.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 12: 1\uc0\u8211{}13.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1903a. \uc0\u8220{}Auszug aus drei Briefen Dr. Koldewey\uc0\u8217{}s. Babylon, 14.6.; 22.6.; 26.6.1903.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 17: 1\uc0\u8211{}3.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1903b. \uc0\u8220{}Auszug aus f\uc0\u252{}nf Briefen Dr. Koldewey\uc0\u8217{}s. Babylon, 16.10.; 8.12.1902; (Fara, 3.12.1902;) Babylon, 10.1.1903; Fara 20.2.1903; Babylon, 30.3.1903.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 16: 8\uc0\u8211{}15.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1903c. \uc0\u8220{}Das Ischtartor in Babylon (Babylon, 15.7.1903).\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 19: 7\uc0\u8211{}28.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1903d. \uc0\u8220{}Reise von Babylon nach Mosul, 3-18 August 1903.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 20: 12\uc0\u8211{}17.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1904a. \uc0\u8220{}Aus acht Briefen von Dr. Robert Koldewey. Babylon, 25.11.; 6.12.; 16.12.1903; 4.1.; 10.1.; 25.1.; 2.2.1904.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 21: 5\uc0\u8211{}10.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1904b. \uc0\u8220{}Aus den Berichten von Dr. Koldewey und N\uc0\u246{}ldeke aus Babylon. Berichte von Dr. Robert Koldewey. Babylon, 16.2.; 20.2.; 7.3.1904.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 22: 4\uc0\u8211{}5.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1905a. \uc0\u8220{}Aus Briefen von Dr. Rober Koldewey. Babylon, 1.1.; 30.1.; 13.2.; 20.2.; 16.3.1905.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 26: 16\uc0\u8211{}18.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1905b. \uc0\u8220{}Aus den Berichten von A. N\uc0\u246{}ldeke und Dr. R. Koldewey aus Babylon von Ende September 1904 bis M\uc0\u228{}rz 1905. Aus Briefen von Arnorld N\uc0\u246{}ldeke. Babylon, 26.9.; 10.10.; 24.10.; 7.11.; 28.11.; 14.12.1904; 2.1.; 16.1.1905 (Zweitabdruck).\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 29: 35\uc0\u8211{}37.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1905c. \uc0\u8220{}Aus den Berichten von A. N\uc0\u246{}ldeke und Dr. R. Koldewey aus Babylon von Ende September 1904 bis M\uc0\u228{}rz 1905. Aus Briefen von Arnorld N\uc0\u246{}ldeke. Babylon, 26.9.; 10.10.; 24.10.; 7.11.; 28.11.; 14.12.1904; 2.1.; 16.1.1905.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 26: 1\uc0\u8211{}15.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1906a. \uc0\u8220{}Ausgrabungsberichte aus Babylon. Babylon, 7.5.; 25.6.; 3.9.1906.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 32: 3\uc0\u8211{}7.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1906b. \uc0\u8220{}Ausgrabungsberichte aus Babylon. Babylon, 29.12.1905, 19.3.1906.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 31: 5\uc0\u8211{}7.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1907. \uc0\u8220{}Aus den Berichten Prof. Dr. Koldeweys aus Babylon. Babylon, 24.9.1906; 7.1.; 25.2.1907.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 33: 3\uc0\u8211{}11.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1908a. \uc0\u8220{}Aus den Berichten Professor Dr. Koldeweys aus Babylon. Von Februar bis September 1908. Babylon, 11.2.; 23.3.; 10.5.; 27.6.; 26.7.; 15.9.1908.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 38: 5\uc0\u8211{}21.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1908b. \uc0\u8220{}Aus den Berichten Professor Dr. Koldeweys aus Babylon. Von Juni bis Dezember 1907. Babylon, 10.6.; 5.9.; 20.10.; 8.12.1907.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 36: 4\uc0\u8211{}15.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1909. \uc0\u8220{}Aus den Berichten aus Babylon. Babylon, 18.11.1908; 1.2.; 3.3.; 5.3.; 8.3.1909.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 40: 4\uc0\u8211{}15.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1911. {\i{}Die Tempel von Babylon und Borsippa.} Vol. {\i{}15}. Leipzig: unknown. https://digi.ub.uni-heidelberg.de/diglit/koldewey1911/0085.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1913a. \uc0\u8220{}Ausgrabungsbericht.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 51: 20\uc0\u8211{}24.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1913b. {\i{}Das wieder erstehende Babylon.} Vol. {\i{}6}. Leipzig: J.C. Hinrichs.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1914. {\i{}The Excavations at Babylon.} London: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1918a. {\i{}Das Ischtar-Tor in Babylon. Nach den Ausgrabungen durch die Deutsche Orient-Gesellschaft (Ausgrabungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft in Babylon. Bd. 2).} Vol. {\i{}32}. Leipzig: Hinrichs.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1918b. \uc0\u8220{}Der babylonische Turm nach der Tontafel des Anubelschunu.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 59: 1\uc0\u8211{}38.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1918c. \uc0\u8220{}Der Turm von Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Hamburger Zeitung} 3920.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1919. \uc0\u8220{}Babylon und der babylonische Turm nach den letzten Ausgrabungen.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Zentralblatt der Bauverwaltung} 71: 421\uc0\u8211{}426.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1922a. \uc0\u8220{}Alte Kunst am Euphrat und Tigris.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Zentralblatt der Bauverwaltung} 26: 153\uc0\u8211{}155.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1922b. \uc0\u8220{}Alte Kunst am Euphrat und Tigris.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Zentralblatt der Bauverwaltung} 25: 145\uc0\u8211{}148.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1925. {\i{}Das wieder erstehende Babylon.} Leipzig: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1981. {\i{}Das wieder erstehende Babylon.} Z\uc0\u252{}rich: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1985. {\i{}\uc0\u1576{}\uc0\u1608{}\uc0\u1575{}\uc0\u1576{}\uc0\u1577{} \uc0\u1593{}\uc0\u1588{}\uc0\u1578{}\uc0\u1575{}\uc0\u1585{} The Ishtar Gate in Babylon. Arabic translation by Ali Yahya Mansoor of Das Ischtar-Tor in Babylon.} Baghdad: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}, ed. 1990a. {\i{}Das wieder erstehende Babylon.} Berlin & M\uc0\u252{}nchen: Beck.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1990b. {\i{}Das wieder erstehende Babylon. Neu herausgegeben von Barthel Hrouda.} Berlin & M\uc0\u252{}nchen: Beck.\
Koldewey, R., and F. Delitzsch. 1900. {\i{}Die Hettitische Inschrift gefunden in der K\uc0\u246{}nigsburg von Babylon am 22. August 1899.} Vol. {\i{}1}. Leipzig: unknown.\
Koldewey, R., and O. Reuther. 1911. \uc0\u8220{}Berichte \uc0\u252{}ber die Grabungen im Merkes (2).\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 47: 22\uc0\u8211{}23.\
Koldewey, R., and F. Wetzel. 1912. \uc0\u8220{}Berichte \uc0\u252{}ber die Grabungen westlich von der S\uc0\u252{}dburg, 10.3.; 10.4.; 11.3.1912 in Berichte \uc0\u252{}ber die Grabungen in Merkes (Juni), 15.6.; 24.6.1911.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 48: 17\uc0\u8211{}19.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1931. {\i{}Die K\uc0\u246{}nigsburgen von Babylon. Erster Teil. Die S\uc0\u252{}dburg.} Vol. {\i{}54}. Leipzig: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1932. {\i{}Die K\uc0\u246{}nigsburgen von Babylon. Zweiter Teil. Die Hauptburg und der Sommerpalast Nebukadnezars im H\uc0\u252{}gel Babil.} Vol. {\i{}55}. Leipzig: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1981. {\i{}\uc0\u1575{}\uc0\u1604{}\uc0\u1602{}\uc0\u1604{}\uc0\u1575{}\uc0\u1593{} \uc0\u1575{}\uc0\u1604{}\uc0\u1605{}\uc0\u1604{}\uc0\u1603{}\uc0\u1610{}\uc0\u1577{} \uc0\u1601{}\uc0\u1610{} \uc0\u1576{}\uc0\u1604{}\uc0\u1576{}\uc0\u1604{} \uc0\u1575{}\uc0\u1604{}\uc0\u1602{}\uc0\u1604{}\uc0\u1593{}\uc0\u1577{} \uc0\u1575{}\uc0\u1604{}\uc0\u1585{}\uc0\u1574{}\uc0\u1610{}\uc0\u1587{}\uc0\u1610{}\uc0\u1577{} \uc0\u1608{}\uc0\u1575{}\uc0\u1604{}\uc0\u1602{}\uc0\u1589{}\uc0\u1585{} \uc0\u1575{}\uc0\u1604{}\uc0\u1589{}\uc0\u1610{}\uc0\u1601{}\uc0\u1610{} \uc0\u1604{}\uc0\u1606{}\uc0\u1576{}\uc0\u1608{}\uc0\u1582{}\uc0\u1584{}\uc0\u1606{}\uc0\u1589{}\uc0\u1585{} \uc0\u1601{}\uc0\u1610{} \uc0\u1576{}\uc0\u1575{}\uc0\u1576{}\uc0\u1604{} Arabic translation by Ali Yahya Mansoor of Die K\uc0\u246{}nigsburgen von Babylon. Zweiter Teil. Die Hauptburg und der Sommerpalast Nebukadnezars im  H\uc0\u252{}gel Babil}. Baghdad: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1985. {\i{}\uc0\u1575{}\uc0\u1604{}\uc0\u1602{}\uc0\u1604{}\uc0\u1575{}\uc0\u1593{} \uc0\u1575{}\uc0\u1604{}\uc0\u1605{}\uc0\u1604{}\uc0\u1603{}\uc0\u1610{}\uc0\u1577{} \uc0\u1601{}\uc0\u1610{} \uc0\u1576{}\uc0\u1604{}\uc0\u1576{}\uc0\u1604{} \uc0\u1575{}\uc0\u1604{}\uc0\u1602{}\uc0\u1604{}\uc0\u1593{}\uc0\u1577{} \uc0\u1575{}\uc0\u1604{}\uc0\u1580{}\uc0\u1606{}\uc0\u1608{}\uc0\u1576{}\uc0\u1610{}\uc0\u1577{} Royal Forts in Babylon, Vol. 1, Southern Castle Arabic translation by Nawal Khurshid Sa\uc0\u8217{}id of Die K\uc0\u246{}nigsburgen von Babylon. Erster Teil. Die S\uc0\u252{}dburg}. Baghdad: unknown.\
K\uc0\u246{}nig, F.W. 1972. {\i{}Die Persika des Ktesias von Knidos.} Vol. {\i{}18}. Graz: unknown.\
Kose, A. 2004. \uc0\u8220{}Kritische Bemerkungen zum vermeintlich gefundenen B\uc0\u299{}t Ak\uc0\u299{}tu von Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Baghdader Mitteilungen} 35: 39\uc0\u8211{}57.\
Koslova, N. 1998. \uc0\u8220{}Eine syllabische Schreibung des Namens Babylon in einem Ur III-Text aus Umma. 1998/21.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nouvelles Assyriologiques Br\uc0\u232{}ves et Utilitaires} 1998\uc0\u8211{}1: 23\uc0\u8211{}24.\
Kozuh, M. 2007. \uc0\u8220{}The Egibis in English (review article of K. Abraham, Business and Politics under the Persian Empire).\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Bibliotheca Orientalia} 64: 308\uc0\u8211{}320.\
Kraeling, E.G.H. 1920. \uc0\u8220{}The Tower of Babel.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Journal of the American Oriental Society} 40: 276\uc0\u8211{}281.\
Kratz, R.G. 2000. \uc0\u8220{}Babylon im Alten Testament.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon: Focus mesopotamischer Geschichte, Wiege fr\uc0\u252{}her Gelehrsamkeit, Mythos in der Moderne.}, edited by Johannes Renger, 2:477\uc0\u8211{}490. Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cken: Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cker SDV.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}, ed. 2002. {\i{}Religion und Religionskontakte im Zeitalter der Ach\uc0\u228{}meniden.} Vol. {\i{}22}. G\uc0\u252{}tersloh: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2006a. \uc0\u8220{}Babylon im Alten Testament.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Das Judentum im Zeitalter des Zweiten Tempels.}, edited by Reinhard G. Kratz, 42:28\uc0\u8211{}39. T\uc0\u252{}bingen: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}, ed. 2006b. {\i{}Das Judentum im Zeitalter des Zweiten Tempels.} Vol. {\i{}42}. T\uc0\u252{}bingen: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2006c. \uc0\u8220{}Nabonid und Kyros.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Das Judentum im Zeitalter des Zweiten Tempels.}, edited by Reinhard G. Kratz, 42:40\uc0\u8211{}54. T\uc0\u252{}bingen: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008. \uc0\u8220{}Babylonbilder der Bibel.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon Wahrheit.}, edited by Joachim Marzahn and G\uc0\u252{}nter Schauerte, 553\uc0\u8211{}566. M\uc0\u252{}nchen: Hirmer.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2011. \uc0\u8220{}Nabonid in Qumran.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon. Wissenskultur in Orient und Okzident.}, edited by Eva Cancik-Kirschbaum, Joachim Marzahn, and Margarete Ess, 1:253\uc0\u8211{}270. Berlin: Walter Gruyter.\
Kraus, F.R. 1935. {\i{}Die physiognomischen Omina der Babylonier.} Vol. {\i{}40/2}. Leipzig: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1939. {\i{}Texte zur babylonischen Physiognomatik.} Vol. {\i{}3}. Berlin: unknown.\
Kraus, P. 1931. {\i{}Altbabylonische Briefe aus der Vorderasiatischen Abteilung der Preussischen Staatsmuseen zu Berlin. Teil 1.} Vol. {\i{}35/2}. unknown.\
Krebernik, M., and H. Neumann, eds. 2008. {\i{}Geburtskolloquium zu Ehren von Joachim Oelsner.} Stuttgart: unknown.\
Krecher, J. 1970. {\i{}Das Gesch\uc0\u228{}ftshaus Egibi in Babylon in neubabylonischer und ach\uc0\u228{}menidischer Zeit.} M\uc0\u252{}nster: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1971. \uc0\u8220{}Ein sp\uc0\u228{}tbabylonischer Verpflichtungsschein.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Zeitschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Assyriologie} 61: 255\uc0\u8211{}259.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1985. \uc0\u8220{}The Sumerian names of the temples in Babylon and Ashur.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 41: 41\uc0\u8211{}43.\
Krischen, F. 1956. {\i{}Weltwunder der Baukunst in Babylonien und Jonien.} T\uc0\u252{}bingen: unknown.\
Kuhrt, A. 1983. \uc0\u8220{}The Cyrus Cylinder and the Achaemenid Imperial Policy.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Journal for the Study of the Old Testament} 25: 83\uc0\u8211{}97.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1987. \uc0\u8220{}Berossus\uc0\u8217{} Babyloniaka and Seleucid rule in Babylonia.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Hellenism in the East: The interaction of Greek and non-Greek civilizations from Syria to Central Asia after Alexander.}, edited by Am\uc0\u233{}lie Kuhrt and S. Sherwin-White, 32\uc0\u8211{}56. London: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1988. \uc0\u8220{}Babylonia from Cyrus to Xerxes.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Cambridge Ancient History} 4: 112\uc0\u8211{}138.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1990a. \uc0\u8220{}Achaemenid Babylonia: sources and problems.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Centre and Periphery.}, edited by Am\uc0\u233{}lie Kuhrt and H. Sancisi-Weerdenburg, 4:177\uc0\u8211{}194. Leiden: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1990b. \uc0\u8220{}Alexander and Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}The Roots of the European Tradition.}, edited by H. Sancisi-Weerdenburg and J.W. Drijvers, 5:121\uc0\u8211{}130. Leiden: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2002. \uc0\u8220{}Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Brill\uc0\u8217{}s Companion to Herodotus.}, edited by Egbert Bakker, Irene J.F. Jong, and Hans Wees, 475\uc0\u8211{}496. Leiden: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2007. {\i{}The Persian Empire. A Corpus of Sources from the Achaemenid Period, I-II.} New York & London: unknown.\
Kuhrt, A., and H. Sancisi-Weerdenburg, eds. 1990. {\i{}Centre and Periphery.} Vol. {\i{}4}. Leiden: unknown.\
Kuhrt, A., and S. Sherwin-White, eds. 1987. {\i{}Hellenism in the East: The interaction of Greek and non-Greek civilizations from Syria to Central Asia after Alexander.} London: unknown.\
Kuklick, B. 1996. {\i{}Puritans in Babylon. The Ancient Near East and American Intellectual Life, 1880-1930.} Princeton: unknown.\
Kunther, W., and W. Allinger-Csollich. 2010. \uc0\u8220{}Babylon. Past, Present, Future. The Project \uc0\u8216{}Comparative Studies Babylon-Borsippa\uc0\u8217{}: a Synopsis.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Proceedings of the 6th International Congress of the Archaeology of the Ancient Near East. Volume 1.}, edited by Paolo Matthiae, F. Pinnock, L. Nigro, and N. Marchetti, 6,1:29\uc0\u8211{}38. unknown.\
Kuntner, W., and S. Heinsch. 2011. \uc0\u8220{}Herodot und die Stadtmauern Babylons. Bemerkungen zur arch\uc0\u228{}ologischen Befundsituation der Landmauern.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Herodot und das Persische Weltreich.}, edited by Robert Rollinger, Brigitte Truschnegg, and Reinhold Bichler, 3:499\uc0\u8211{}529. Wiesbaden: Harrassowitz.\
Kyrieleis, H. 1979. \uc0\u8220{}Babylonische Bronzen in Heraion von Samos.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Jahrbuch des (Kaiserlichen) Deutschen Arch\uc0\u228{}ologischen Instituts} 94: 32\uc0\u8211{}48.\
Labat, R. 1951. {\i{}Trait\uc0\u233{} akkadien de diagnostics et pronostics m\uc0\u233{}dicaux. 2 Plaches.} Vol. {\i{}7}. Paris & Leiden: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1965. {\i{}Un calendrier babylonien des travaux, des signes et des mois (s\uc0\u233{}ries iqqur \uc0\u238{}pu\uc0\u353{}).} Vol. {\i{}321}. Paris: unknown.\
Lackenbacher, S. 1992. \uc0\u8220{}Un pamphlet contre Nabonide, dernier roi de Babylone.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Dialogues d\uc0\u8217{}Histoire Ancienne} 18: 13\uc0\u8211{}58.\
Laessoe, J. 1950. \uc0\u8220{}On the fragments of the Hammurabi Code.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Journal of Cuneiform Studies} 4: 173\uc0\u8211{}187.\
Lambert, W. 1959. \uc0\u8220{}Divine Love Lyrics from Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Journal of Semitic Studies} 4: 1\uc0\u8211{}15.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1960. {\i{}Babylonian Wisdom Literature.} Oxford: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1964. \uc0\u8220{}The Reign of Nebuchadnezzar I: A Turning Point in the History of Ancient Mesopotamian Religion.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}The Seed of Wisdom. Essays in Honour of T. J. Meek.}, edited by W.S. McCullough. Toronto: University of Toronto Press.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1965a. \uc0\u8220{}Enmeduranki and Related Matters.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Journal of Cuneiform Studies} 21: 126\uc0\u8211{}138.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1965b. \uc0\u8220{}Nebuchadnezzar King of Justice.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Iraq} 27: 1\uc0\u8211{}11.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1966. \uc0\u8220{}Divine Love Lyrics from the Reign of Abi-e\uc0\u353{}u\uc0\u7723{}.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen des Instituts f\uc0\u252{}r Orientforschung} 12: 41\uc0\u8211{}56.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1970. \uc0\u8220{}Inscribed Pazuzu Heads from Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Forschungen und Berichte} 12: 41\uc0\u8211{}47.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1974. \uc0\u8220{}The Seed of Kingship.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Le Palais et la Royaut\uc0\u233{}: Arch\uc0\u233{}ologie et Civilisation.}, edited by P. Garelli, 19:427\uc0\u8211{}440. Paris: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1978. \uc0\u8220{}Nab\uc0\u251{} Hymns on Cylinders.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Festschrift Lubor Matou\uc0\u353{}, II.}, edited by B. Hru\uc0\u353{}ka and G. Komor\uc0\u243{}czy, 5:75\uc0\u8211{}111. Budapest: E\uc0\u246{}tv\uc0\u246{}s Lor\uc0\u225{}nd Tudom\uc0\u225{}nyegyetem, \uc0\u211{}kori T\uc0\u246{}rt\uc0\u233{}neti Tansz\uc0\u233{}kek.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1984. \uc0\u8220{}Studies in Marduk.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Bulletin of the School of Oriental (and African) Studies} 47: 1\uc0\u8211{}9.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1988. \uc0\u8220{}Esarhaddon\uc0\u8217{}s Attempt to return Marduk to Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Ad bene et fideliter seminandum.}, edited by Gerlinde Mauer and Ursula Magen, 220:157\uc0\u8211{}174. Neukirchen-Vluyn: Neukirchener Verlag.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1997. \uc0\u8220{}Processions to the Ak\uc0\u299{}tu house. Review article of B. Pongratz-Leisten, Ina \uc0\u353{}ulmi \uc0\u299{}rub.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Revue d\uc0\u8217{}Assyriologie et d\uc0\u8217{}Arch\uc0\u233{}ologie Orientale} 91: 49\uc0\u8211{}80.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2005a. \uc0\u8220{}Letter of S\uc0\u238{}n-\uc0\u353{}arra-i\uc0\u353{}kun to Nabopolassar.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Literary and Scholastic Texts of the First Millennium B.C.}, edited by I. Spar and Wilfried Lambert, 2:203\uc0\u8211{}210. New York: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2005b. \uc0\u8220{}Rituals.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Literary and Scholastic Texts of the First Millennium B.C.}, edited by I. Spar and Wilfried Lambert, 2:119\uc0\u8211{}128. New York: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2011. \uc0\u8220{}Babylon: Origins.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon. Wissenskultur in Orient und Okzident.}, edited by Eva Cancik-Kirschbaum, Joachim Marzahn, and Margarete Ess, 1:71\uc0\u8211{}76. Berlin: Walter Gruyter.\
Lambert, W., and A.R. Millard. 1965. {\i{}Babylonian Literary Texts.} Vol. {\i{}46}. London: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1969. {\i{}Atra-\uc0\u7723{}as\uc0\u299{}s: The Babylonian Story of the Flood.} Oxford: unknown.\
Landsberger, B. 1933. \uc0\u8220{}Bemerkungen zu einigen in Ungers Babylon \uc0\u252{}bersetzten Texten.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Zeitschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Assyriologie} 41: 287\uc0\u8211{}299.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1934. {\i{}Die Fauna des alten Mesopotamien nach der 14. Tafel der Serie \uc0\u7722{}AR-ra = \uc0\u7723{}ubullu.} Vol. {\i{}42/VI}. Leipzig: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1956. {\i{}Emesal Vocabulary, Old Babylonian Grammatical Texts, NeoBabylonian Grammatical Texts, Nachtr\uc0\u228{}ge zu MSL 3.} Vol. {\i{}4}. Rom: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1957. {\i{}The Series \uc0\u7722{}AR-ra = \uc0\u7723{}ubullu. Tablets I-IV.} Vol. {\i{}5}. Rom: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1958. {\i{}The Series \uc0\u7722{}AR-ra = \uc0\u7723{}ubullu. Tablets V-VII.} Vol. {\i{}6}. Rom: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1959. {\i{}The Series \uc0\u7722{}AR-ra = \uc0\u7723{}ubullu. Tablets VIII-XII.} Vol. {\i{}7}. Rom: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1962a. {\i{}The Fauna of Ancient Mesopotamia, First Part. Tablet XIII.} Vol. {\i{}8/1}. Rom: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1962b. {\i{}The Fauna of Ancient Mesopotamia, Second Part. \uc0\u7722{}AR-ra = \uc0\u7723{}ubullu Tablets XIV and XVIII.} Vol. {\i{}8/2}. Rom: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1965. {\i{}Brief des Bischofs von Esagila an K\uc0\u246{}nig Asarhaddon.} Vol. {\i{}28/6}. Amsterdam: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1967. {\i{}The Series \uc0\u7722{}AR-ra = \uc0\u7723{}ubullu.} Vol. {\i{}9}. Rom: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1970. {\i{}The Series \uc0\u7722{}AR-ra = \uc0\u7723{}ubullu. Tablets XVI, XVII, XIX and related texts.} Vol. {\i{}10}. Rom: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1974. {\i{}The Series \uc0\u7722{}AR-ra = \uc0\u7723{}ubullu. Tablets XX-XXIV.} Vol. {\i{}11}. Rom: unknown.\
Langdon, S. 1912. {\i{}Die neubabylonischen K\uc0\u246{}nigsinschriften.} Vol. {\i{}4}. Leipzig: unknown.\
Lanz, H. 1976. {\i{}Die neubabylonischen \uc0\u7723{}arr\uc0\u226{}nu-Gesch\uc0\u228{}ftsunternehmen.} Berlin: unknown.\
Laroche, E., ed. 1979. {\i{}Florilegium Anatolicum. M\uc0\u233{}langes offerts \uc0\u224{} Emmanuel Laroche.} Paris: unknown.\
Larsen, M.T. 1996. {\i{}The Conquest of Assyria. Excavations in an Antique Land.} New York & London: unknown.\
Layard, A.H. 1853. {\i{}Discoveries in the Ruins of Nineveh and Babylon; with Travels in Armenia, Kurdistan, and the Desert: Being the Result of a Second Expedition Undertaken for the Trustees of the British Museum.} New York: unknown.\
Leemans, W.F. 1985. \uc0\u8220{}Hammurapi\uc0\u8217{}s Babylon, centre of trade, administration and justice.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 41: 91\uc0\u8211{}96.\
Legrain, L. 1923. \uc0\u8220{}King Nabonidus and the Great Wall of Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Museum Journal} 14.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1926. {\i{}Royal Inscriptions and Fragments from Nippur and Babylon.} Vol. {\i{}15}. Philadelphia: unknown.\
Lehmann, R.G. 1999. {\i{}Friedrich Delitzsch und der Babel-Bibel-Streit.} G\uc0\u246{}ttingen: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2000. \uc0\u8220{}Der Babel-Bibel-Streit. Ein kulturpolitisches Wetterleuchten.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon: Focus mesopotamischer Geschichte, Wiege fr\uc0\u252{}her Gelehrsamkeit, Mythos in der Moderne.}, edited by Johannes Renger, 2:505\uc0\u8211{}521. Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cken: Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cker SDV.\
Leichty, E.V. 1970. {\i{}The Omen Series \uc0\u352{}umma izbu}. Vol. {\i{}4}. Locust Valley: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}, ed. 1986. {\i{}Catalogue of the Babylonian Tablets in the British Museum. Volume VI: Tablets from Sippar 1.} London: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2005. \uc0\u8220{}Omens from Abnormal Births: \uc0\u352{}umma izbu.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Literary and Scholastic Texts of the First Millennium B.C.}, edited by I. Spar and Wilfried Lambert, 2:188\uc0\u8211{}192. New York: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2011. {\i{}The Royal Inscriptions of Esarhaddon, King of Assyria (680-669 BC).} Vol. {\i{}4}. Winona Lake, IN: unknown.\
Leick, G., ed. 2007. {\i{}The Babylonian World.} New York & London: unknown.\
Lenzen, H. 1961. \uc0\u8220{}Die Ausgrabungen des Deutschen Arch\uc0\u228{}ologischen Institutes Abteilung Baghdad in Babylon und Uruk-Warka.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Atlantis} 33: 387\uc0\u8211{}389.\
Lenzen, H.J. 1959. \uc0\u8220{}The Greek Theater in Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq}: 39.\
Lerberghe, K.V. 1985. \uc0\u8220{}The role of the city of Babylon in the old babylonian period.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 41: 108\uc0\u8211{}109.\
Lerberghe, K.V., and A.H. Schoors, eds. 1995. {\i{}Immigration and Emigration within the Ancient Near East: Festschrift E. Lipi\uc0\u324{}ski.} Vol. {\i{}65}. Leuven: Peeters.\
Leurpendeur, N. 2006. {\i{}Babylon wird ausgegraben: Robert Koldeweys Expedition nach Mesopotamien, 1898-1917.} Abensberg: unknown.\
Levene, D. 2008. \uc0\u8220{}J\uc0\u252{}disch-aram\uc0\u228{}ische Zauberschalen aus Mesopotamien.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon Wahrheit.}, edited by Joachim Marzahn and G\uc0\u252{}nter Schauerte, 549\uc0\u8211{}552. M\uc0\u252{}nchen: Hirmer.\
Lewy, H. 1949. \uc0\u8220{}The Babylonian Background of the Kay K\uc0\u228{}\uc0\u252{}s Legend.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Arch\uc0\u237{}v Orient\uc0\u225{}ln\uc0\u237{}} 17/2: 28\uc0\u8211{}109.\
Linssen, M.J.H. 2004. {\i{}The Cults of Uruk and Babylon. The Temple Ritual Texts as Evidence for Hellenistic Cult Practices.} Vol. {\i{}25}. Leiden & Boston: unknown.\
Lippolis, C. 2008. \uc0\u8220{}Un projet d\uc0\u8217{}analyse arch\uc0\u233{}ologique.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 532\uc0\u8211{}533. Paris: Hazan.\
Lippolis, C., B. Monopoli, and P. Baggio. 2011. \uc0\u8220{}Babylon\uc0\u8217{}s urban layout and territory from above.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mesopotamia} 46: 1\uc0\u8211{}8.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2013. \uc0\u8220{}Past and Present of Ancient Babylon seen from Above.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}La tour de Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 147\uc0\u8211{}163. Rom: unknown.\
Lipschits, O., and J. Blenkinsopp, eds. 2003. {\i{}Judah and the Judeans in the Neo-Babylonian Period.} Winona Lake, IN: unknown.\
Liverani, M. 1996. \uc0\u8220{}Reconstructing the Rural Landscape of the Ancient Near East.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Journal of the Economic and Social History of the Orient} 39: 1\uc0\u8211{}41.\
Livingstone, A. 1991. \uc0\u8220{}More inscribed bricks from Babylonia. 1991/5.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nouvelles Assyriologiques Br\uc0\u232{}ves et Utilitaires} 1991\uc0\u8211{}1: 4\uc0\u8211{}5.\
L\uc0\u243{}pez, A.G., and F.E. Mart\uc0\u237{}n. 2012. \uc0\u8220{}Babylon as a great urban area of religious character.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Proceedings of the 7th International Congress on the Archaeology of the Ancient Near East 12 April \uc0\u8211{} 16 April 2010, the British Museum and UCL, London. Volume 1.}, edited by John Curtis and Roger Matthews, 109\uc0\u8211{}124. Wiesbaden: Harrassowitz.\
Lorenz, J. 2004. \uc0\u8220{}Von Babylon nach Kabul. 2004/102.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nouvelles Assyriologiques Br\uc0\u232{}ves et Utilitaires} 2004\uc0\u8211{}4: 103\uc0\u8211{}104.\
Lurker, M., ed. 1971. {\i{}Beitr\uc0\u228{}ge zu Geschichte, Kultur und Religion des Alten Orients. In memoriam Eckhard Unger.} Baden-Baden: unknown.\
Lutz-Ruoff, E. 1986. {\i{}Die Schlangendrachen am I\uc0\u353{}tartor zu Babylon: Eine motivgeschichtliche Untersuchung.} T\uc0\u252{}bingen: unknown.\
Luukko, M. 2007. \uc0\u8220{}How Could the Assyrian King Enter Babylon Conciliatorily? 2007/71.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nouvelles Assyriologiques Br\uc0\u232{}ves et Utilitaires} 2007\uc0\u8211{}4: 85\uc0\u8211{}86.\
Luukko, M., S. Sv\uc0\u228{}rd, and R. Mattila, eds. 2009. {\i{}Of God(s), Trees, Kings and Scholars. Neo-Assyrian and Related Studies in Honour of Simo Parpola}. Vol. {\i{}106}. Helsinki: Eisenbrauns.\
MacGinnis, J. 1986. \uc0\u8220{}Herodotus\uc0\u8217{} description of Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Bulletin of the Institute of Classical Studies} 33: 67\uc0\u8211{}86.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1993. \uc0\u8220{}Two Achaemenid Tablets from the Fitzwilliam Museum, Cambridge.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Iraq} 55: 149\uc0\u8211{}153.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1996. \uc0\u8220{}Letters from the Neo-Babylonian Ebabbara.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mesopotamia} 31: 99\uc0\u8211{}159.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2000. \uc0\u8220{}The Chariot of \uc0\u352{}ama\uc0\u353{} goes to Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Studi in Vicino Oriente antico dedicati alla memoria di Luigi Cagni.}, edited by S. Graziani and L. Cagni, 61 (1\uc0\u8211{}4):621\uc0\u8211{}630. Neaples: Istituto Universitario Orientale.\
Machule, D. 2008. \uc0\u8220{}Robert Koldewey und die Bauforschung.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Auf dem Weg nach Babylon.}, edited by Ralf B. Wartke, 108\uc0\u8211{}123. Mainz: Zabern.\
Maeyama, Y., and W.G. Saltzer, eds. 1977. {\i{}Prismata. Naturwissenschaftliche Studien.} Wiesbaden: unknown.\
Magdalene, F.R., B. Wells, and C. Wunsch. 2008. \uc0\u8220{}Pre-trial Negotiations: The Case of the Run-away Slave in DAR 53.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Iraq} 70: 205\uc0\u8211{}213.\
Mahdi, A. 1985. \uc0\u8220{}Babylon in the light of its revival plan: Notes and suggestions (in Arabic).\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 41: 10\uc0\u8211{}27.\
Mahdi, A.M. 1979a. \uc0\u8220{}Reality of Babylon and the main plan for the archaeological revival.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 35: 60\uc0\u8211{}78.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1979b. \uc0\u8220{}The Archaeological Revival of Babylon project.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 35: 20\uc0\u8211{}19.\
Margueron, J.-C. 2000. \uc0\u8220{}Babylone: la premi\uc0\u232{}re m\uc0\u233{}gapole?\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}M\uc0\u233{}gapoles m\uc0\u233{}diterran\uc0\u233{}ennes, g\uc0\u233{}ographie urbaine, r\uc0\u233{}trospective.}, edited by C. Nicolet, 452\uc0\u8211{}481. Paris: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2001. \uc0\u8220{}Aux origines du plan de Babylone.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Etudes m\uc0\u233{}sopotaminnes. Recuiel de textes offert \uc0\u224{} Jean-Louis Huot.}, edited by C. Breniquet and C. Kepinski, 323\uc0\u8211{}345. Paris: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008. \uc0\u8220{}Consid\uc0\u233{}rations sur le palais de Babylone.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 228-. Paris: Hazan.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2013. \uc0\u8220{}Le palais \uc0\u8216{}de Nabuchodonosor\uc0\u8217{} \uc0\u224{} Babylone: un r\uc0\u233{}examen.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}La tour de Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 77\uc0\u8211{}114. Rom: unknown.\
Marin, J.A.B. 1997. \uc0\u8220{}Old Babylonian Administrative and Legal Texts from the Monserrat Museum.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Aula Orientalis} 15: 99\uc0\u8211{}137.\
Markschies, C. 2011. \uc0\u8220{}Babylon bei den Kirchenv\uc0\u228{}tern.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon. Wissenskultur in Orient und Okzident.}, edited by Eva Cancik-Kirschbaum, Joachim Marzahn, and Margarete Ess, 1:285\uc0\u8211{}293. Berlin: Walter Gruyter.\
Mart\uc0\u237{}nez, F.G., ed. 1992a. {\i{}Qumran and Apocalyptic: Studies on the Aramaic texts from Qumran.} Vol. {\i{}9}. Leiden: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1992b. \uc0\u8220{}The prayer of Nabonidus: A new synthesis.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Qumran and Apocalyptic: Studies on the Aramaic texts from Qumran.}, edited by F. Garc\uc0\u237{}a Mart\uc0\u237{}nez, 9:116\uc0\u8211{}136. Leiden: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008. \uc0\u8220{}Une source aram\uc0\u233{}enne sur l\uc0\u8217{}histoire de Babylone: la pri\uc0\u232{}re de Nabonide (fin du Ier si\uc0\u232{}cle av. J.-C.).\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 373-. Paris: Hazan.\
Martin-Jacquemier, M. 1999. {\i{}L\uc0\u8217{}\uc0\u192{}ge d\uc0\u8217{}or du mythe de Babel 1480-1600. De la conscience de l\uc0\u8217{}alt\uc0\u233{}ri\uc0\u233{} \uc0\u224{} la naisance de la modernit\uc0\u233{}.} Mont de Marsan: unknown.\
Martiny, G. 1932. \uc0\u8220{}Astronomisches zum Babylonischen Turm.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 71: 11\uc0\u8211{}15.\
Marzahn, J. 1981. {\i{}Babylon und das Neujahrsfest.} Berlin: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1989. \uc0\u8220{}Die Inschriften der assyrischen K\uc0\u246{}nige auf Ziegeln im Vorderasiatischen Museum zu Berlin, Teil II.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Forschungen und Berichte} 27: 53\uc0\u8211{}64.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1992. {\i{}Das I\uc0\u353{}tar-Tor von Babylon. Die Prozessionsstrasse, das babylonische Neujahrsfest. Sammlungsf\uc0\u252{}hrer (VAM)  7.} Mainz.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1994. {\i{}The Ishtar Gate. The Processional Way. The New Year Festival at Babylon.} Berlin: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2005. \uc0\u8220{}Spielbretter aus Berlin.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babel und Bibel 2. Memoriae Igor M. Diakonoff.}, edited by L. Kogan, 8:149\uc0\u8211{}164. Winona Lake, IN: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008a. \uc0\u8220{}Babylon - Metropole aus Lehm.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon Wahrheit.}, edited by Joachim Marzahn and G\uc0\u252{}nter Schauerte, 139\uc0\u8211{}166. M\uc0\u252{}nchen: Hirmer.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008b. \uc0\u8220{}Die Arbeitswelt - Wirtschaft und Verwaltung, Handel und Profit.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon Wahrheit.}, edited by Joachim Marzahn and G\uc0\u252{}nter Schauerte, 231\uc0\u8211{}276. M\uc0\u252{}nchen: Hirmer.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008c. \uc0\u8220{}Die deutschen Ausgrabungen in Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon Wahrheit.}, edited by Joachim Marzahn and G\uc0\u252{}nter Schauerte, 67\uc0\u8211{}78. M\uc0\u252{}nchen: Hirmer.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008d. \uc0\u8220{}Koldewey\uc0\u8217{}s Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon: Myth and Reality.}, edited by Irving L. Finkel and Michael Seymour, 46\uc0\u8211{}53. London: British Museum.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008e. \uc0\u8220{}Le sanctuaire et le culte du dieu Marduk.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 168\uc0\u8211{}171. Paris: Hazan.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008f. \uc0\u8220{}Les fouilles arch\uc0\u233{}ologiques allemandes.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 516\uc0\u8211{}525. Paris: Hazan.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008g. \uc0\u8220{}Robert Koldewey - Ein Lebensbild.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Auf dem Weg nach Babylon.}, edited by Ralf B. Wartke, 8\uc0\u8211{}27. Mainz: Zabern.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008h. \uc0\u8220{}Une m\uc0\u233{}tropole d\uc0\u8217{}argile.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 156\uc0\u8211{}160. Paris: Hazan.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008i. \uc0\u8220{}Von der Grabung zum Museum - Babylon wird sichtbar.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon Wahrheit.}, edited by Joachim Marzahn and G\uc0\u252{}nter Schauerte, 91\uc0\u8211{}98. M\uc0\u252{}nchen: Hirmer.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2010. \uc0\u8220{}Uruk in Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Von G\uc0\u246{}ttern und Menschen. Beitr\uc0\u228{}ge zu Literatur und Geschichte des Alten Orients. Festschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Brigitte Groneberg.}, edited by Frauke Weiersh\uc0\u228{}user, D. Shebata, and K.V. Zand, 41:107\uc0\u8211{}113. Leiden, Boston: Brill.\
Marzahn, J., H. Neumann, and A. Fuchs, eds. 2000. {\i{}Assyriologica et semitica.} Vol. {\i{}252}. M\uc0\u252{}nster: Ugarit Verlag.\
Marzahn, J., and F. Pedde, eds. 2018. {\i{}Hauptsache Museum. Der Alte Orient im Fokus. Festschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Ralf-B. Wartke.} Vol. {\i{}6}. M\uc0\u252{}nster: Zaphon.\
Marzahn, J., and G. Schauerte, eds. 2008. {\i{}Babylon Wahrheit.} M\uc0\u252{}nchen: Hirmer.\
Matou\uc0\u353{}, L. 1933. {\i{}Die lexikalischen Tafelserien der Babylonier und Assyrer in den Berliner Museen: 1. Gegenstandslisten <Serie \uc0\u7722{}AR-ra-\uc0\u7723{}u-bullu>. Herausgegeben und eingeleitet von Lubor Matou\uc0\u353{}. Mit 51 Tafeln Autographien.} Berlin: Vorderasiatische Abteilung Staatlichen Museen.\
Matson, F.R. 1985. \uc0\u8220{}The brickmakers of Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Ancient technology and to modern science: Ceramics and Civilisation I.}, edited by W. D. Kingery, 61\uc0\u8211{}75. Columbus, Ohio: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1986. \uc0\u8220{}Glazed bricks from Babylon: historical setting and microprobe analyses.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Technology and Style: Ceramics and Civilisation II.}, edited by W. D. Kingery, 133\uc0\u8211{}156. Columbus, Ohio: unknown.\
Matthes, O. 1998. \uc0\u8220{}Der Aufruf zur Gr\uc0\u252{}ndung der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft vom November 1897.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 130: 9\uc0\u8211{}16.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2000. \uc0\u8220{}Zur Vorgeschichte der deutschen Ausgrabungen in Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon: Focus mesopotamischer Geschichte, Wiege fr\uc0\u252{}her Gelehrsamkeit, Mythos in der Moderne.}, edited by Johannes Renger, 2:33\uc0\u8211{}45. Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cken: Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cker SDV.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008. \uc0\u8220{}Robert Koldewey im Orient.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Auf dem Weg nach Babylon.}, edited by Ralf B. Wartke, 70\uc0\u8211{}89. Mainz: Zabern.\
Matthes, O., and J. Althoff. 1998. \uc0\u8220{}Die \uc0\u8216{}K\uc0\u246{}nigliche Kommission zur Erforschung der Euphrat- und Tigrisl\uc0\u228{}nder\uc0\u180{}.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 130: 241\uc0\u8211{}252.\
Matthiae, P., ed. 2000. {\i{}Proceedings of the First International Congress on the Archaeology of the Ancient Near East.} Vol. {\i{}1}. Rom: unknown.\
Matthiae, P., F. Pinnock, L. Nigro, and N. Marchetti, eds. 2010. {\i{}Proceedings of the 6th International Congress of the Archaeology of the Ancient Near East. Volume 1.} Vol. {\i{}6,1}. unknown.\
Mauer, G., and U. Magen, eds. 1988. {\i{}Ad bene et fideliter seminandum.} Vol. {\i{}220}. Neukirchen-Vluyn: Neukirchener Verlag.\
Maul, S. 1990. \uc0\u8220{}Eine neue Tafel aus dem Egibi-Archiv.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Altorientalische Forschungen} 17: 107\uc0\u8211{}112.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1991. \uc0\u8220{}Neues zu den \uc0\u8216{}Graeco-Babyloniaca.\uc0\u8217{}\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Zeitschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Assyriologie} 81: 87\uc0\u8211{}107.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008a. \uc0\u8220{}Die Religion Babyloniens.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon Wahrheit.}, edited by Joachim Marzahn and G\uc0\u252{}nter Schauerte, 167\uc0\u8211{}206. M\uc0\u252{}nchen: Hirmer.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2011. \uc0\u8220{}Die Wissenschaft von der Zukunft: \uc0\u220{}berlegungen zur Bedeutung der Divination im Alten Orient.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon. Wissenskultur in Orient und Okzident.}, edited by Eva Cancik-Kirschbaum, Joachim Marzahn, and Margarete Ess, 1:135\uc0\u8211{}151. Berlin: Walter Gruyter.\
Maul, S.M. 1997. \uc0\u8220{}Die altorientalische Hauptstadt - Abbild und Nabel der Welt.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Die orientalische Stadt: Kontinuit\uc0\u228{}t, Wandel, Bruch.}, edited by Gernod Wilhelm, 1:109\uc0\u8211{}124. Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cken: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}, ed. 1998a. {\i{}Festschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Rykle Borger zu seinem 65. Geburtstag am 24. Mai 1994: tikip santakki mala basmu}. Vol. {\i{}10}. Groningen: Brill.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1998b. \uc0\u8220{}Marduk, Nab\uc0\u251{} und der assyrische Enlil. Die Geschichte eines sumerischen \uc0\u352{}u\uc0\u8217{}ilas.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Festschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Rykle Borger zu seinem 65. Geburtstag am 24. Mai 1994: tikip santakki mala basmu}, edited by Stefan Mario Maul, 10:159\uc0\u8211{}197. Groningen: Brill.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1998c. \uc0\u8220{}tikip santakki mala ba\uc0\u353{}mu. Anstelle eines Vorwortes.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Festschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Rykle Borger zu seinem 65. Geburtstag am 24. Mai 1994: tikip santakki mala basmu}, edited by Stefan Mario Maul, 10:vii\uc0\u8211{}xvii. Groningen: Brill.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2005. \uc0\u8220{}Bilingual (Sumerian-Akkadian) Hymns from the Seleucid-Arsacid Period.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Literary and Scholastic Texts of the First Millennium B.C.}, edited by I. Spar and Wilfried Lambert, 2:11\uc0\u8211{}116. New York: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008b. \uc0\u8220{}L\uc0\u8217{}\uc0\u201{}pop\uc0\u233{}e de Gilgamesh.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 348\uc0\u8211{}351. Paris: Hazan.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008c. \uc0\u8220{}Le r\uc0\u233{}cit du D\uc0\u233{}luge.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 359-. Paris: Hazan.\
Maul, S.M., and Y. Avishur. 2007. \uc0\u8220{}Two Inscriptions of Nebuchadnezzar King of Babylon Written on Flagstones in the Possession of \uc0\u8216{}The Babylonian Jewry Heritage Center\uc0\u8217{}. 2007/74.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nouvelles Assyriologiques Br\uc0\u232{}ves et Utilitaires} 2007\uc0\u8211{}4: 90\uc0\u8211{}92.\
Mayer, W.R. 1987a. \uc0\u8220{}Ein altbabylonischer Opherschaubericht aus Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Orientalia} 56: 245\uc0\u8211{}262.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1987b. \uc0\u8220{}Ein Mythos von der Erschaffung des Menschen und des K\uc0\u246{}nigs.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Orientalia} 56: 55\uc0\u8211{}68.\
McCullough, W.S., ed. 1964. {\i{}The Seed of Wisdom. Essays in Honour of T. J. Meek.} Toronto: University of Toronto Press.\
McEwan, G.J.P. 1981. {\i{}Priest and Temple in Hellenistic Babylonia.} Vol. {\i{}4}. Wiesbaden: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1982. {\i{}The Late Babylonian Tablets in the Royal Ontario Museum.} Vol. {\i{}2}. Toronto: unknown.\
McNeal, R.A. 1988. \uc0\u8220{}The Brides of Babylon: Herodotus 1.196.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Historia} 37: 54\uc0\u8211{}71.\
Meer, P.E. 1938. \uc0\u8220{}A Topography of Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Iraq} 5: 55\uc0\u8211{}64.\
Meissner, B. 1904. {\i{}Assyriologische Studien II.} Vol. {\i{}9/3}. Berlin: Wolf Peiser.\
Menzel, B. 1981. {\i{}Assyrische Tempel, I-II.} Vol. {\i{}10}. Rom: unknown.\
Mertens, D. 2008. \uc0\u8220{}Der junge Koldewey - Eine Skizze.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Auf dem Weg nach Babylon.}, edited by Ralf B. Wartke, 28\uc0\u8211{}49. Mainz: Zabern.\
Metcalf, W.E., ed. 1991. {\i{}Mnemata.} New York: unknown.\
Metzler, D. 1979. \uc0\u8220{}Wandteppiche mit Bildern der Perserkriege im Ach\uc0\u228{}menidenpalast zu Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen des Deutschen Arch\uc0\u228{}ologen-Verbandes e.V.} 6: 37\uc0\u8211{}38.\
Meyer, G.R. 1962. \uc0\u8220{}Ein Onyx-Zepter aus Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Forschungen und Berichte} 5: 7\uc0\u8211{}9.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1965. {\i{}Altorientalische Denkm\uc0\u228{}ler im Vorderasiatischen Museum zu Berlin.} Leipzig: unknown.\
Meyer, L., and H. Gasche, eds. 1989. {\i{}Northern Akkad Project Reports (NAPR), Volume 2.} Vol. {\i{}I/2}. Gent: unknown.\
Meyers, E.M., ed. 1997. {\i{}The Oxford Encyclopedia of Archaeology in the Near East, vol. I}. New York & Oxford: unknown.\
Micale, M.G. 2008. \uc0\u8220{}\uc0\u8216{}Layer by layer...\uc0\u8217{} of digging and drawing: The genealogy of an idea.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Proceedings of the 51st Rencontre assyriologique internationale.}, edited by Martha Roth, J. Myers, and Robert Biggs, 62:405\uc0\u8211{}414. Chicago: unknown.\
Mieroop, M. 2003. \uc0\u8220{}Reading Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}American Journal of Archaeology} 107: 257\uc0\u8211{}275.\
Miglus, P. 1996. \uc0\u8220{}review of H. Schmid, Der Tempelturm Etemenanki in Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Zeitschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Assyriologie} 86: 294\uc0\u8211{}301.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1999. {\i{}St\uc0\u228{}dtische Wohnarchitektur in Babylonien und Assyrien.} Vol. {\i{}22}. Mainz: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2000. \uc0\u8220{}Das neue Babylon der Sargoniden.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon: Focus mesopotamischer Geschichte, Wiege fr\uc0\u252{}her Gelehrsamkeit, Mythos in der Moderne.}, edited by Johannes Renger, 2:281\uc0\u8211{}296. Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cken: Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cker SDV.\
Mignan, R. 1829. {\i{}Travels in Chaldea ...} London.\
Millard, A.R. 1973. \uc0\u8220{}Some Esarhaddon Fragments relating to the Restoration of Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Archiv f\uc0\u252{}r Orientforschung} 24: 117\uc0\u8211{}119.\
Minkowski, H. 1991. {\i{}Vermutungen \uc0\u252{}ber den Turm zu Babel.} Freren: unknown.\
Mitsuma, Y. 2008. \uc0\u8220{}I\uc0\u353{}tar of Babylon in \uc0\u8216{}Day-One-Temple\uc0\u8217{}. 2008/69.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nouvelles Assyriologiques Br\uc0\u232{}ves et Utilitaires} 2008\uc0\u8211{}4: 96\uc0\u8211{}98.\
Mofidi, B.N. 1999. {\i{}Untersuchungen zu den Bestattungssitten in Mesopotamien in der Ersten H\uc0\u228{}lfte des Ersten Jahrtausends v. Chr.} Vol. {\i{}23}. Mainz: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2002. \uc0\u8220{}Bemerkungen zum Aufbau der Ziqqurrat Etemenanki in Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Die Welt des Orients} 32: 153\uc0\u8211{}164.\
Mohamed, A.K. 1985. \uc0\u8220{}Excavation at the northeastern part of the inner wall of Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 41: 21\uc0\u8211{}22.\
Moldenke, A.B. 1893. {\i{}Babylonian Contract Tablets.} New York: unknown.\
Molina, M., I.M. Rowe, and J. Sanmartin, eds. 1999. {\i{}Arbor Scienticae. Estudios del Pr\uc0\u243{}ximo Oriente Antiguo dedicados a Gregorio del Olmo Lete con ocasi\uc0\u243{}n de su 65 aniversario.} Vol. {\i{}17\uc0\u8211{}18}. unknown.\
Monterro-Fenell\uc0\u243{}s, J.-L. 2008. \uc0\u8220{}La tour de Babylone repens\uc0\u233{}e.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 229\uc0\u8211{}230. Paris: Hazan.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2013. \uc0\u8220{}La ziggurat de Babylone: un monument \uc0\u224{} repenser.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}La tour de Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 127\uc0\u8211{}146. Rom: unknown.\
Moore, E.W. 1935. {\i{}Neo-Babylonian Business and Administrative Documents.} Ann Arbor, MI: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1939. {\i{}Neo-Babylonian Documents in the University of Michigan Collection.} Ann Arbor, MI: unknown.\
Moortgat, A. 1931. \uc0\u8220{}Nebukadnezars S\uc0\u252{}dburg.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 69: 1\uc0\u8211{}13.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1940. {\i{}Vorderasiatische Rollsiegel.} Berlin: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1967. {\i{}Die Kunst des Alten Mesopotamien.} K\uc0\u246{}ln: unknown.\
Moortgat-Correns, U. 1996. \uc0\u8220{}Das Grab des Nabonid.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Studi Micenei ed Egeo-Anatoloci} 38: 153\uc0\u8211{}177.\
Moran, W. 1992. {\i{}The Amarna Letters.} Baltimore: unknown.\
Mori, M., H. Ogawa, and M. Yoshikawa, eds. 1991. {\i{}Near Eastern Studies Dedicated to H. I. H. Prince Takahito Mikasa on the Occasion of His Seventy-Fifth Birthday}. Wiesbaden: Harrassowitz.\
M\uc0\u252{}ller, G.G.W. 1995. \uc0\u8220{}Die Teuerung in Babylon im 6. Jh. v. Chr.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Archiv f\uc0\u252{}r Orientforschung} 42/43: 163\uc0\u8211{}175.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1999. \uc0\u8220{}Kurse, Preise, Wasserst\uc0\u228{}nde (review of A.L. Slotsky, The Bourse of Babylon. Market Quatations in the Astronomical Diaries of Babylonia.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Archiv f\uc0\u252{}r Orientforschung} 46/47: 201\uc0\u8211{}207.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2001. {\i{}Inflation in Babylon. Untersuchungen zur Wirtschafts- und Socialgeschichte Babyloniens vom ausgehenden 7. bis zum Beginn des 5. Jahrhunderts v. Chr. (Habilitationschrift).} unknown.\
M\uc0\u252{}ller, H.-P. 1989. \uc0\u8220{}Eine neue babylonische Menschensch\uc0\u246{}pfungserz\uc0\u228{}hlung im Licht keilschriftlicher und biblischer Parallelen - Zur Wirklichkeitsauffassung im Mythos.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Orientalia} 58: 61\uc0\u8211{}85.\
M\uc0\u252{}ller, K. 1911. \uc0\u8220{}Berichte \uc0\u252{}ber die Grabungen an Esagila.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 47: 29\uc0\u8211{}33.\
M\uc0\u252{}ller-Kessler, C. 1998. \uc0\u8220{}Eine aram\uc0\u228{}ische \uc0\u8216{}Visitenkarte\uc0\u8217{}. Eine sp\uc0\u228{}tbabylonische Tontafel aus Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 130: 189\uc0\u8211{}195.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2000. \uc0\u8220{}Aram\uc0\u228{}ische Beschw\uc0\u246{}rungen und astronomische Omina in nachbabylonischer Zeit. Das Fortleben mesopotamischer Kultur im Vorderen Orient.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon: Focus mesopotamischer Geschichte, Wiege fr\uc0\u252{}her Gelehrsamkeit, Mythos in der Moderne.}, edited by Johannes Renger, 2:427\uc0\u8211{}443. Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cken: Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cker SDV.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2009. \uc0\u8220{}Zum Personennamen Ni\uc0\u7723{}iltu-B\uc0\u275{}l-\uc0\u7789{}abat in Babylon. 2009/51.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nouvelles Assyriologiques Br\uc0\u232{}ves et Utilitaires} 2009\uc0\u8211{}3: 68-.\
M\uc0\u252{}ller-Kessler, C., and K. Kessler. 1999. \uc0\u8220{}Sp\uc0\u228{}tbabylonische Gottheiten in sp\uc0\u228{}tantiken mand\uc0\u228{}ischen Texten.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Zeitschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Assyriologie} 89: 65\uc0\u8211{}87.\
M\uc0\u252{}ller-Neuhof, B. 2008. \uc0\u8220{}Geographie und Geschichte.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon Wahrheit.}, edited by Joachim Marzahn and G\uc0\u252{}nter Schauerte, 38\uc0\u8211{}50. M\uc0\u252{}nchen: Hirmer.\
Murray, H.J.R. 1913. {\i{}A History of Chess.} Oxford: unknown.\
Musa, M.U. 2011. \uc0\u8220{}The Situation of the Babylon Archaeological Site until 2006.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon. Wissenskultur in Orient und Okzident.}, edited by Eva Cancik-Kirschbaum, Joachim Marzahn, and Margarete Ess, 1:19\uc0\u8211{}46. Berlin: Walter Gruyter.\
Musah, M. 1985a. \uc0\u8220{}Excavations at the eastern tell.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 41: 67\uc0\u8211{}70.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1985b. \uc0\u8220{}Figurines discovered in the eastern tell.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 41: 144\uc0\u8211{}145.\
Myhrman, D.W. 1913. {\i{}Uppt\uc0\u228{}ckterna i Babylonien och Assyrien.} Stockholm: unknown.\
N., N. 1983. \uc0\u8220{}Excavations in Iraq, 1981-82.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Iraq} 45: 207-.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1985. \uc0\u8220{}Speech of the archaeological revival of Babylon Commission.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 41: 9-.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1987. \uc0\u8220{}Archaeological Revival of Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 45: 85\uc0\u8211{}86.\
Nagel, W. 1959. \uc0\u8220{}Die Statue eines neusumerischen Gottk\uc0\u246{}nigs.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Zeitschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Assyriologie} 53: 261\uc0\u8211{}265.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1966. \uc0\u8220{}Der L\uc0\u246{}we von Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Berliner Jahrbuch f\uc0\u252{}r Vor- und Fr\uc0\u252{}hgeschichte} 6: 48\uc0\u8211{}51.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1978. \uc0\u8220{}Wo lagen die \uc0\u8216{}H\uc0\u228{}ngenden Garten\uc0\u8217{} in Babylon?\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 110: 19\uc0\u8211{}28.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1979. \uc0\u8220{}Where were the \uc0\u8216{}Hanging Gardens\uc0\u8217{} located in Babylon?\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 35: 242\uc0\u8211{}241.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2005. \uc0\u8220{}Koldewey und die Deutsche Orient-Gesellschaft.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Von Gudea bis Hammurapi. Grundz\uc0\u252{}ge der Kunst und Geschichte in Altvordertasien.}, edited by Wolfram Nagel, Eva Strommenger, and Christian Eder. K\uc0\u246{}ln: unknown.\
Nagel, W., E. Strommenger, and C. Eder, eds. 2005. {\i{}Von Gudea bis Hammurapi. Grundz\uc0\u252{}ge der Kunst und Geschichte in Altvordertasien.} K\uc0\u246{}ln: unknown.\
Nashef, K. 1987. \uc0\u8220{}Babylon (Bibliography).\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Archiv f\uc0\u252{}r Orientforschung} 34: 213\uc0\u8211{}215.\
Nasir, M. 1979a. \uc0\u8220{}The so-called Summer Palace (Nebuchadnezzar\uc0\u8217{}s life palace).\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 35: 159\uc0\u8211{}151.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1979b. \uc0\u8220{}The temple of Ishtar of Agad.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 35: 81\uc0\u8211{}66.\
Nassouhi, E. 1924. \uc0\u8220{}Prisme d\uc0\u8217{}Assurb\uc0\u226{}nipal dat\uc0\u233{} de sa trenti\uc0\u232{}me ann\uc0\u233{}e, provenantdu temple de Gula \uc0\u224{} Babylone.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Archiv f\uc0\u252{}r Keilschriftforschung} 2: 97\uc0\u8211{}106.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1926a. \uc0\u8220{}Deux vases royaux n\uc0\u233{}obabyloniens.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Archiv f\uc0\u252{}r Orientforschung} 3: 65\uc0\u8211{}66.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1926b. \uc0\u8220{}Statue d\uc0\u8217{}un dieu de Mari, vers 2225 av. J.-C.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Archiv f\uc0\u252{}r Orientforschung} 3: 109\uc0\u8211{}114.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1927. {\i{}Textes divers relatifs \uc0\u224{} l\uc0\u8217{}histoire de l\uc0\u8217{}Assyrie.} Vol. {\i{}3/1\uc0\u8211{}2}. Leipzig: unknown.\
Nemet-Nejat, K.R. 1982. {\i{}Late Babylonian Field Plans in the British Museum.} Vol. {\i{}11}. Rom: unknown.\
Nesselrath, H.G. 2000. \uc0\u8220{}Herodot und Babylon: Der Hauptort Mesopotamiens in den Augen eines Griechen des 5. Jh.s v. Chr.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon: Focus mesopotamischer Geschichte, Wiege fr\uc0\u252{}her Gelehrsamkeit, Mythos in der Moderne.}, edited by Johannes Renger, 2:189\uc0\u8211{}206. Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cken: Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cker SDV.\
Neugebauer, O. 1955. {\i{}Astronomical Cuneiform Texts. Vols. 1-3.} London: unknown.\
Neumann, H. 1990. \uc0\u8220{}Zu einer Kopie der Inschrift Nar\uc0\u257{}ms\uc0\u299{}n 2 aus Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Journal of Cuneiform Studies} 42: 202\uc0\u8211{}210.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1992. \uc0\u8220{}Ein Brief an K\uc0\u246{}nig \uc0\u352{}ulgi in einer sp\uc0\u228{}ten Abschrift.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Altorientalische Forschungen} 19: 29\uc0\u8211{}39.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2000. \uc0\u8220{}Historische Keilschrifttexte im Kestner-Museum Hannover II. Nebukadnezar II.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Assyriologica et semitica.}, edited by Joachim Marzahn, Hans Neumann, and Andreas Fuchs, 252:319\uc0\u8211{}330. M\uc0\u252{}nster: Ugarit Verlag.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008. \uc0\u8220{}Das Recht in Babylonien.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon Wahrheit.}, edited by Joachim Marzahn and G\uc0\u252{}nter Schauerte, 207\uc0\u8211{}230. M\uc0\u252{}nchen: Hirmer.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2011. \uc0\u8220{}Bemerkungen zu einigen Aspekten babylonischen Rechtsdenkens im Spannungsfeld von Theorie und Praxis.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon. Wissenskultur in Orient und Okzident.}, edited by Eva Cancik-Kirschbaum, Joachim Marzahn, and Margarete Ess, 1:159\uc0\u8211{}170. Berlin: Walter Gruyter.\
Neumann, H., and M. Krebernik, eds. 2014. {\i{}Babylonien und seine Nachbarn in neu- und sp\uc0\u228{}tbabylonischer Zeit.} Vol. {\i{}369}. M\uc0\u252{}nster: Ugarit Verlag.\
Neusner, J. 1965. {\i{}A History of Jews in Babylonia I.} Leiden: unknown. http://books.google.de/books/about/A_History_of_the_Jews_in_Babylonia_The_P.html?hl=&id=FtgMAQAAMAAJ.\
Nicolet, C., ed. 2000. {\i{}M\uc0\u233{}gapoles m\uc0\u233{}diterran\uc0\u233{}ennes, g\uc0\u233{}ographie urbaine, r\uc0\u233{}trospective.} Paris: unknown.\
Nicol\uc0\u242{}, M.S. 1941. {\i{}Beitr\uc0\u228{}ge zu einer Prosopographie der neubabylonischen Beamten der Zivil- und Tempelverwaltung.} M\uc0\u252{}nchen: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1951. {\i{}Babylonische Rechtsurkunden des ausgehenden 8. und des 7. Jahrhunderts v. Chr.} Vol. {\i{}34}. M\uc0\u252{}nchen: unknown.\
Nicol\uc0\u242{}, M.S., and H. Petschow. 1960. {\i{}Babylonische Rechtsurkunden aus dem 6. Jahrhundert v. Chr.} Vol. {\i{}51}. M\uc0\u252{}nchen: unknown.\
Nicol\uc0\u242{}, M.S., and A. Ungnad. 1935. {\i{}Neubabylonische Rechts- und Verwaltungsurkunden \uc0\u252{}bersetzt und erl\uc0\u228{}utert, I: Rechts- und Wirtschaftsurkunden der Berliner Museen aus vorhellenistischer Zeit.} Leipzig: unknown.\
Niebuhr, C. 1774. {\i{}Reisebeschreibungen nach Arabien und andern umliegenden L\uc0\u228{}ndern, Vol. II.} Kopenhagen: unknown.\
Nielsen, J.P. 2011. {\i{}Sons and Descendants. A Social History of Kin Groups and Family Names in the Early Neo-Babylonian Period, 747-626 BC.} Vol. {\i{}43}. Boston: unknown.\
N\uc0\u246{}ldeke, A. 1904a. \uc0\u8220{}Aus zw\uc0\u246{}lf Briefen von A. N\uc0\u246{}ldeke aus Babylon. (Babylon 16.5.-11.9.1904).\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 25: 3\uc0\u8211{}15.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1904b. \uc0\u8220{}Berichte von Arnold N\uc0\u246{}ldeke. Babylon, 6.3.; 17.3.; 25.3.; 1.4.; 8.4.; 15.4.; 2.5.1904.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 22: 5\uc0\u8211{}11.\
Novotny, J., and C. Watanabe. 2008. \uc0\u8220{}After the Fall of Babylon: A New Look at the Presentation Scene on Assurbanipal Relief BM ME 124945-6.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Iraq} 70: 105\uc0\u8211{}125.\
Nunn, A. 2008. \uc0\u8220{}Der Alltag in Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon Wahrheit.}, edited by Joachim Marzahn and G\uc0\u252{}nter Schauerte, 277\uc0\u8211{}334. M\uc0\u252{}nchen: Hirmer.\
N\uc0\u252{}tzel, W. 1992. \uc0\u8220{}Die Bodenversalzung als m\uc0\u246{}gliche Ursache f\uc0\u252{}r die Schwerpunktverlagerung von S\uc0\u252{}dmesopotamien \uc0\u252{}ber Babylonien nach Assyrien.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 124: 79\uc0\u8211{}86.\
Oates, J. 1979. {\i{}Babylon.} London: unknown.\
Oelsner, J. 1964. \uc0\u8220{}Ein Beitrag zu keilschriftlichen K\uc0\u246{}ningstitulaturen in hellenisticher Zeit.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Zeitschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Assyriologie} 56: 262\uc0\u8211{}274.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1975. \uc0\u8220{}Zwischen Xerxes und Alexander: babylonische Rechtsurkunden und Wirtschafttexte aus der sp\uc0\u228{}ten Ach\uc0\u228{}menidenzeit.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Die Welt des Orients} 8: 310\uc0\u8211{}318.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1980. \uc0\u8220{}Bestattungssitten im hellenistischen Babylon als historisches Problem.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Zeitschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Assyriologie} 70: 246\uc0\u8211{}257.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1985. \uc0\u8220{}Eine Urkunde des Egibi-Archivs \uc0\u252{}ber Vermietung eines Sklaven.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Altorientalische Forschungen} 12: 365\uc0\u8211{}367.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1986. {\i{}Materialien zur babylonischen Gesellschaft und Kultur in hellenistischer Zeit.} Budapest: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1992. \uc0\u8220{}Griechen in Babylonien und die einheimischen Tempel in hellenistischer Zeit.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}La circulation des biens, des personnes et des id\uc0\u233{}es dans le Proche-Orient Ancien.}, edited by Friedrich Joann\uc0\u232{}s and Dominique Charpin, 38:341\uc0\u8211{}347. Paris: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1999. \uc0\u8220{}Review of R. Rollinger, Herodots babylonischer Logos.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Archiv f\uc0\u252{}r Orientforschung} 46/47: 373\uc0\u8211{}380.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2002a. \uc0\u8220{}\uc0\u8216{}Sie ist gefallen, sie ist gefallen, Babylon, die grosse Stadt\uc0\u8217{}. Vom Ende einer Kultur.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sitzungsberichte der S\uc0\u228{}chsischen Akademie der Wissenschaften Leipzig, Phil.-hist. Kl.} 138/1.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2002b. \uc0\u8220{}Hellenization of the Babylonian Culture?\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Ideologies as Intercultural Phenomena.}, edited by G. Pettinato and A. Panaino, 3:183\uc0\u8211{}196. Milan: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2006a. \uc0\u8220{}CT 49, 6 Z. 7\uc0\u8239{}: 1A-lek-sa-an-dar da-du. 2006/10.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nouvelles Assyriologiques Br\uc0\u232{}ves et Utilitaires} 2006\uc0\u8211{}1: 9-.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2006b. \uc0\u8220{}Ein mathematischer Tabellentext aus kassitischer Zeit, gefunden in Babylon. 2006/60.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nouvelles Assyriologiques Br\uc0\u232{}ves et Utilitaires} 2006\uc0\u8211{}3: 57\uc0\u8211{}58.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008. \uc0\u8220{}Die Rollsiegel der Sammlung Rich des British Museum.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Iraq} 70: 127\uc0\u8211{}130.\
Opificius, R. 1961. {\i{}Das altbabylonische Terrakottarelief.} Vol. {\i{}2}. Berlin: unknown.\
Oppenheim, A.L. 1956. {\i{}The Interpretation of Dreams in the Ancient Near East. With a Translation of an Assyrian Dream-Book.} Vol. {\i{}46/3}. Philadelphia: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1966. \uc0\u8220{}Mesopotamia in Early History of Alchemy.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Revue d\uc0\u8217{}Assyriologie et d\uc0\u8217{}Arch\uc0\u233{}ologie Orientale} 60: 30\uc0\u8211{}35.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1970. {\i{}Glass and Glassmaking in Ancient Mesopotamia.An edition of the cuneiform texts which contain instructions for glassmakers with a catalogue of surviving objects.} Vol. {\i{}3}. Corning: unknown.\
Oppenheimer, A. 1983. {\i{}Babylonia Judaica in the Talmudic Period.} Vol. {\i{}Reihe B, 47}. Wiesbaden: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2000. \uc0\u8220{}Von Jerusalem nach Babylonien - Der Aufstieg der babylonischen Judenheit in der parthisch-sassanidischen Epoche.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon: Focus mesopotamischer Geschichte, Wiege fr\uc0\u252{}her Gelehrsamkeit, Mythos in der Moderne.}, edited by Johannes Renger, 2:491\uc0\u8211{}503. Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cken: Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cker SDV.\
Oppert, J. 1859. {\i{}Exp\uc0\u233{}dition scientifique en M\uc0\u233{}sopotamie ex\uc0\u233{}cut\uc0\u233{}e par ordre du gouvernement de 1851 a 1854: tome II: d\uc0\u233{}chiffrement des inscriptions cun\uc0\u233{}iformes.} Paris: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1863a. \uc0\u8220{}Babylone.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Exp\uc0\u233{}dition scientifique en M\uc0\u233{}sopotamie ex\uc0\u233{}cut\uc0\u233{}e par ordre du gouvernement de 1851 a 1854: tome I: relation du voyage et r\uc0\u233{}sultats de l\uc0\u8217{}exp\uc0\u233{}dition.}, 135\uc0\u8211{}254. Paris: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1863b. {\i{}Exp\uc0\u233{}dition scientifique en M\uc0\u233{}sopotamie ex\uc0\u233{}cut\uc0\u233{}e par ordre du gouvernement de 1851 a 1854: tome I: relation du voyage et r\uc0\u233{}sultats de l\uc0\u8217{}exp\uc0\u233{}dition.} Paris: unknown.\
Orchard, J. 1962. \uc0\u8220{}Recent Restoration Work in Iraq.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Iraq} 24: 73\uc0\u8211{}77.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1963. \uc0\u8220{}Recent Archaeological Activity in Iraq; a Review.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Iraq} 25: 104\uc0\u8211{}109.\
Ossendrijver, M. 2008. \uc0\u8220{}Astronomie und Astrologie in Babylonien.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon Wahrheit.}, edited by Joachim Marzahn and G\uc0\u252{}nter Schauerte, 373\uc0\u8211{}392. M\uc0\u252{}nchen: Hirmer.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2011. \uc0\u8220{}Science in Action: Networks in Babylonian Astronomy.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon. Wissenskultur in Orient und Okzident.}, edited by Eva Cancik-Kirschbaum, Joachim Marzahn, and Margarete Ess, 1:213\uc0\u8211{}221. Berlin: Walter Gruyter.\
Ouseley, W. 1800. {\i{}The Oriental Geography of Ebn Haukal, an Arabian Traveller of the Tenth Century.} unknown.\
Pallis, S.A. 1926. {\i{}The Babylonian Akitu Festival.} Vol. {\i{}12,1}. Kopenhagen: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1954. {\i{}Early Exploration in Mesopotamia. With a List of the Assyro-Babylonian Cuneiform Texts Published before 1851.} Vol. {\i{}33/6}. Kopenhagen: unknown.\
Parapetti, R. 1979. \uc0\u8220{}Babylon: Town planning proposals. Protection of cultural heritage\uc0\u8239{}: Ideology.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 35: 219\uc0\u8211{}215.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1985. \uc0\u8220{}The southern palace of Babylon: A restoration proposal.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 41: 55\uc0\u8211{}57.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1989. \uc0\u8220{}Restauro e fortuna dell\uc0\u8217{}immaginario: il caso della Torre di Babele.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Utopia e modernit\uc0\u224{}, teorie e prassi utopiche nell\uc0\u8217{}et\uc0\u224{} moderna e postmoderna I.}, edited by G. Buffa and A.O. Lewis, 369\uc0\u8211{}385. Rom: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1992. \uc0\u8220{}Goodbye Babylonia!, restauri di regime.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Archeologia Viva} 32.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008a. \uc0\u8220{}Babylon 1978-2008, a chronicle of events in the ancient site.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mesopotamia} 43: 130\uc0\u8211{}166.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008b. \uc0\u8220{}The contribution of the Centro Scavi di Torino to the Reconstruction of Iraqi Antiquities.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}The destruction of Cultural Heritage in Iraq.}, edited by P.G. Stone and J. Farchakh Bajjali. unknown.\
Parker, R., and W.H. Dubberstein. 1946. {\i{}Babylonian Chronology 626 B.C. - A.D. 75.} Vol. {\i{}24}. Chicago: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1956. {\i{}Babylonian Chronology 626 B.C. - A.D. 75.} Vol. {\i{}19}. Providence: unknown.\
Parpola, S. 1972. \uc0\u8220{}A letter from \uc0\u352{}ama\uc0\u353{}-\uc0\u353{}umu-uk\uc0\u299{}n to Esarhaddon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Iraq} 34: 21\uc0\u8211{}34.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2004. \uc0\u8220{}Desperately trying to talk sense: A letter of Assurbanipal concerning his brother \uc0\u352{}ama\uc0\u353{}-\uc0\u353{}umu-ukin.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}From the Upper Sea to the Lower See. Studies on the history of Assyria and Babylonia in honour of A.K. Grayson.}, edited by Grant Frame, 101:227\uc0\u8211{}234. Leiden: unknown.\
Parpola, S., and M. Nissinen. 2004. \uc0\u8220{}Marduk\uc0\u8217{}s Return and Reconciliation in a Prophetic Letter from Arbela.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Verbum et Calamus. Semitic and Related Studies in Honour of the Sixtieth Birthday of Professor Tapani Harviainen.}, edited by T. Harvianen, H. Juusola, J. Laulainen, and H. Palva, 99:199\uc0\u8211{}219. Helsinki: The Finnish Oriental Society.\
Parrot, A. 1946. {\i{}Arch\uc0\u233{}ologie m\uc0\u233{}sopotamienne.} Paris: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1954. {\i{}La tour de Babel.} Vol. {\i{}2}. Neuchatel: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1956. {\i{}Babylone et l\uc0\u8217{}Ancien Testament.} Vol. {\i{}8}. Neuchatel: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1961. {\i{}Nineveh and Babylon.} London: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}, ed. 2010. {\i{}Le palais de Darius \uc0\u224{} Suse.} Paris: unknown.\
Paulus, M.J. 1985. \uc0\u8220{}Traditional building materials in ancient Mesopotamian architecture.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 41: 130\uc0\u8211{}132.\
Pedde, F. 2000. \uc0\u8220{}Parthische Gr\uc0\u228{}ber: Friedhof oder Hausbestattung?\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Baghdader Mitteilungen} 31: 537\uc0\u8211{}544.\
Peders\uc0\u233{}n, O. 1994. \uc0\u8220{}Ancient Near Eastern Objects with Cuneiform Inscriptions, Part II, Elamite and Neo-Babylonian Royal Inscriptions.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Medelhavsmuseet Bulletin} 29: 3\uc0\u8211{}10.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1998a. {\i{}Archives and Libraries in the Ancient Near East 1500-300 B.C.} Bethesda, MD: Capital Decisions Ltd. http://books.google.de/books/about/Archives_and_Libraries_in_the_Ancient_Ne.html?hl=&id=6fcVAQAAIAAJ.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1998b. \uc0\u8220{}Zu den altbabylonischen Archiven aus Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Altorientalische Forschungen} 25: 328\uc0\u8211{}373.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2000. \uc0\u8220{}Archive und Bibliotheken in Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon: Focus mesopotamischer Geschichte, Wiege fr\uc0\u252{}her Gelehrsamkeit, Mythos in der Moderne.}, edited by Johannes Renger, 2:307\uc0\u8211{}321. Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cken: Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cker SDV.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2004. \uc0\u8220{}The Fish on a tablet from Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Assyria and Beyond. Studies presented to Mogens Trolle Larsen.}, edited by Jan Gerrit Dercksen, 100:451\uc0\u8211{}454. Leiden: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2005a. {\i{}Archive und Bibliotheken in Babylon. Die Tontafeln der Grabung Robert Koldeweys 1899-1917.} Vol. {\i{}25}. Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cken: sdv Saarl\uc0\u228{}ndische Druckerei und Verlag.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2005b. \uc0\u8220{}Foreign professionals in Babylon: Evidence from the archive in the palace of Nebuchadnezzar II.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Ethnicity in Ancient Mesopotamia.}, edited by Wilfred Soldt, 102:267\uc0\u8211{}272. Leiden: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2007. \uc0\u8220{}Review of: Marc J. H. Linssen, The Cults of Uruk and Babylon (CM 25).\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Orientalische Literaturzeitung} 102: 424\uc0\u8211{}429.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008a. \uc0\u8220{}Archives et biblioth\uc0\u232{}ques \uc0\u224{} l\uc0\u8217{}\uc0\u233{}poque n\uc0\u233{}o-babylonienne.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 176\uc0\u8211{}179. Paris: Hazan.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008b. \uc0\u8220{}Archives et biblioth\uc0\u232{}ques \uc0\u224{} l\uc0\u8217{}\uc0\u233{}poque pal\uc0\u233{}o et m\uc0\u233{}dio-babylonienne.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 102\uc0\u8211{}103. Paris: Hazan.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008c. \uc0\u8220{}Die Wiedergewinnung der zeitgen\uc0\u246{}ssischen schriftlichen Quellen - eine \uc0\u220{}bersicht des Bestandes.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon Wahrheit.}, edited by Joachim Marzahn and G\uc0\u252{}nter Schauerte, 81\uc0\u8211{}90. M\uc0\u252{}nchen: Hirmer.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2009. \uc0\u8220{}Neo-Assyrian Texts from Nebuchadnezzar\uc0\u8217{}s Babylon: A preliminary report.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Of God(s), Trees, Kings and Scholars. Neo-Assyrian and Related Studies in Honour of Simo Parpola}, edited by M. Luukko, Saana Sv\uc0\u228{}rd, and R. Mattila, 106:193\uc0\u8211{}199. Helsinki: Eisenbrauns.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2011a. \uc0\u8220{}Excavated and Unexcavated Libraries in Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon. Wissenskultur in Orient und Okzident.}, edited by Eva Cancik-Kirschbaum, Joachim Marzahn, and Margarete Ess, 1:47\uc0\u8211{}67. Berlin: Walter Gruyter.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2011b. \uc0\u8220{}Work on a digital model of Babylon using archaeological and textual evidence.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mesopotamia} 46: 9\uc0\u8211{}22.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2012a. \uc0\u8220{}Das Ischtar-Tor - digital gesehen: ein digitales Modell von Babylon erm\uc0\u246{}glicht neue Interpretationsm\uc0\u246{}glichkeiten.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Antike Welt. Zeitschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Arch\uc0\u228{}ologie und Kulturgeschichte} 2/2012: 41\uc0\u8211{}43.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2012b. \uc0\u8220{}Review of: H. D. Baker, The Archive of the Napp\uc0\u257{}\uc0\u7723{}u Family (=Archiv f\uc0\u252{}r Orientforschung, Beiheft 30), Wien 2004.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Orientalische Literaturzeitung} 107: 12\uc0\u8211{}13.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2014. \uc0\u8220{}Waters at Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Water and urbanization.}, edited by Terje Tvedt and Terje Oestigaard, III. 1:107\uc0\u8211{}129. London: I.B. Tauris.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2018. \uc0\u8220{}Cut it down and build it up again. Three Examples of Rebuilding Monumental Architecture in Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Hauptsache Museum. Der Alte Orient im Fokus. Festschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Ralf-B. Wartke.}, edited by Joachim Marzahn and Friedhelm Pedde, 6:191\uc0\u8211{}198. M\uc0\u252{}nster: Zaphon.\
Peders\uc0\u233{}n, O., P.J.J. Sinclair, I. Hein, and J. Andersson. 2010. \uc0\u8220{}Cities and Urban Landscapes in the Ancient Near East and Egypt with Special Focus on the City of Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}The Urban Mind. Cultural and Environmental Dynamics.}, edited by P.J.J. Sinclair, G. Nordquist, F. Herschend, and C. Isendahl, 15:113\uc0\u8211{}147. Uppsala: unknown.\
Peiser, F.E. 1889a. \uc0\u8220{}Die Zugebeh\uc0\u246{}rigkeit der unter Nr. 84. 2-11 im British Museum registrirten Thontafelsammlung zu den Thontafelsammlungen des K\uc0\u246{}niglichen Museums zu Berlin.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sitzungsberichte der Preussischen Akademie der Wissenschaften} 38: 813\uc0\u8211{}828.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1889b. {\i{}Keilschriftliche Acten-St\uc0\u252{}cke aus babylonischen St\uc0\u228{}dten. Von Steinen und Tafeln des Berliner Museums in in Autographie, Transcription und \uc0\u219{}bersetzung.} Berlin: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1890. {\i{}Babylonische Vertr\uc0\u228{}ge des Berliner Museums in Autographie, Transcription und \uc0\u220{}bersetzung.} Berlin: unknown.\
Peruzzetto, A., J. Allen, and G. Haney. 2011. \uc0\u8220{}The future of Babylon: Management, conservation planning and cultural landscape at Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mesopotamia} 46: 53\uc0\u8211{}57.\
Peters, C.A., and D. Frayne. 1990. \uc0\u8220{}Cuneiform Texts at the University of British Columbia.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Annual Review of the Royal Inscriptions of Mesopotamia Project} 8: 49\uc0\u8211{}62.\
Peterson, J. 2009. \uc0\u8220{}A Manuscript of Bird and Fish from Babylon, Merkes A1. 2009/44.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nouvelles Assyriologiques Br\uc0\u232{}ves et Utilitaires} 2009\uc0\u8211{}3: 58\uc0\u8211{}59.\
Petschow, H. 1987. \uc0\u8220{}Zur Eroberung Babyloniens durch Cyrus. Die letzten vorpersischen und ersten persischen Datierungen aus den Tagen um die persische Eroberung Babyloniens. 1987/84.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nouvelles Assyriologiques Br\uc0\u232{}ves et Utilitaires} 1987\uc0\u8211{}3: 44\uc0\u8211{}45.\
Pettinato, G., and A. Panaino, eds. 2002. {\i{}Ideologies as Intercultural Phenomena.} Vol. {\i{}3}. Milan: unknown.\
Pientka, R. 1998. {\i{}Die sp\uc0\u228{}taltbabylonische Zeit: Abie\uc0\u353{}u\uc0\u7723{} bis Samsuditana: Quellen, Jahresdaten, Geschichte. Teil 1-2.} Vol. {\i{}2/1-2}. M\uc0\u252{}nster: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2002. \uc0\u8220{}Ein sp\uc0\u228{}taltbabylonischer Kaufvertrag aus Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Mining the Archives. Festschrift for Christopher Walker on the Occasion of His 60th Birthday.}, edited by Cornelia Wunsch, 1:201\uc0\u8211{}214. Dresden: ISLET.\
Pillet, M. 1922. {\i{}L\uc0\u8217{}Exp\uc0\u233{}dition scientifique et artistique de M\uc0\u233{}sopotamie et de M\uc0\u233{}die, 1851-55.} Paris: unknown.\
Pinches, T. 1887a. \uc0\u8220{}A Babylonian Dower-Contract.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Babylonian & Oriental Record: A Monthly Magazine of the Antiquities of the East} 2/1: 1\uc0\u8211{}8.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1887b. \uc0\u8220{}Tablets Referring to the Apprenticeship of Slaves at Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Babylonian & Oriental Record: A Monthly Magazine of the Antiquities of the East} 1/6: 81\uc0\u8211{}85.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1888. {\i{}Inscribed Babylonian Tablets in the Possession of Sir Henry Peek, Bart.} London: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1982. {\i{}Neo-Babylonian and Achaemenid Economic Texts.} Vol. {\i{}55}. London: unknown.\
Pinches, T., J.N. Strassmaier, A.J. Sachs, and J. Schaumberger. 1955. {\i{}Late Babylonian astronomical and related texts.} Providence, RI: unknown.\
Pingree, D. 1987. \uc0\u8220{}Venus omens in India and Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Language, Literature, and History: Philological and Historical Studies Presented to Erica Reiner.}, edited by F. Rochberg-Halton, 67:293\uc0\u8211{}315. New Haven, CT: Eisenbrauns.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1997. {\i{}From Astral Omens to Astrology. From Babylon to B\uc0\u299{}k\uc0\u257{}ner.} Vol. {\i{}78}. Rom: unknown.\
Poebel, A. 1933. \uc0\u8220{}Eine sumerische Inschrift Samsuilunas \uc0\u252{}ber die Erbauung der Festung Dur-Samsuiluna.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Archiv f\uc0\u252{}r Orientforschung} 9: 241\uc0\u8211{}292.\
Pol\uc0\u243{}ny, S., and G. Winkler. 1968. \uc0\u8220{}Statische Untersuchung des Thronsaals der S\uc0\u252{}dburg in Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 99: 55\uc0\u8211{}58.\
Pongratz-Leisten, B. 1994. {\i{}Ina \uc0\u353{}ulmi \uc0\u299{}rub: Die kulttopographische und ideologische Programmatik der ak\uc0\u299{}tu-Prozession in Babylonien und Assyrien im 1. Jahrtausend v. Chr.} Vol. {\i{}16}. Mainz: unknown.\
Porter, B.N. 1993. {\i{}Images, Power, and Politics: Figurative Aspects of Esarhaddon\uc0\u8217{}s Babylonian Policy.} Vol. {\i{}208}. Philadelphia: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2002. \uc0\u8220{}Beds, Sex, and Politics: The Return of Marduk\uc0\u8217{}s Bed to Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Sex and Gender in the Ancient Near East.}, edited by Robert Whiting and Simo Parpola, 47:523\uc0\u8211{}535. Helsinki: unknown.\
Porter, R.K. 1822. {\i{}Travels in Georgia, Persia, Armenia, Ancient Babylonia, Vol. II.} London: unknown.\
Postgate, J.N. 1979. \uc0\u8220{}Excavations in Iraq, 1977-78 (Babylon).\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Iraq} 41: 141\uc0\u8211{}181.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1984. \uc0\u8220{}Speech of the foreign Archaeological Expeditions.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 40: 23\uc0\u8211{}24.\
Potts, D. 2011. \uc0\u8220{}The politai and the b\uc0\u299{}t t\uc0\u257{}martu: The Seleucid and Parthian Theatres of the Greek Citizens of Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon. Wissenskultur in Orient und Okzident.}, edited by Eva Cancik-Kirschbaum, Joachim Marzahn, and Margarete Ess, 1:239\uc0\u8211{}251. Berlin: Walter Gruyter.\
Price, M.J. 1991. \uc0\u8220{}Circulation at Babylon in 323 B.C.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Mnemata.}, edited by W.E. Metcalf, 63-. New York: unknown.\
Proust, C. 2008. \uc0\u8220{}Les math\uc0\u233{}matiques babyloniennes.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 302\uc0\u8211{}303. Paris: Hazan.\
Radner, K., and S. Kroll. 2006. \uc0\u8220{}Ein Bronzedolch des Simbar-\uc0\u352{}ipak von Babylon (1025-1008). \uc0\u220{}berlegungen zu Waffenweihungen im Vorderen Orient.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Zeitschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Assyriologie} 96: 212\uc0\u8211{}221.\
Rasheed, F. 1991. \uc0\u8220{}The Hanging Gardens are the refrigirator of Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Near Eastern Studies Dedicated to H. I. H. Prince Takahito Mikasa on the Occasion of His Seventy-Fifth Birthday}, edited by M. Mori, H. Ogawa, and Mamuro Yoshikawa, 349\uc0\u8211{}361. Wiesbaden: Harrassowitz.\
Rashid, F. 1979a. \uc0\u8220{}The titles of Marduk-sapik-zeri, one of the kings of Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 35: 178\uc0\u8211{}177.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1980. \uc0\u8220{}The Titles of King Marduch-\uc0\u352{}abik Ziri 1082-1070*.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 36: 124\uc0\u8211{}129.\
Rashid, S.A. 1979b. \uc0\u8220{}The Babylonian king Nabonidus in Tema.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 35: 174\uc0\u8211{}172.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1985. \uc0\u8220{}On the foundation deposits in Babylonian buildings.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 41: 50\uc0\u8211{}51.\
Rassam, H. 1881. \uc0\u8220{}Recent Assyrian and Babylonian research.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Journal of the Transactions of the Victoria Institute} 14: 182\uc0\u8211{}225.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1884. \uc0\u8220{}Babylonian cities.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Journal of the Transactions of the Victoria Institute} 17: 221\uc0\u8211{}225.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1885. \uc0\u8220{}Recent discoveries of ancient Babylonian cities. Babylonian art. Illustrated by Mr. H. Rassam\uc0\u8217{}s latest discoveries.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Transactions of the Society of Biblical Archaeology} 8: 172\uc0\u8211{}197.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1897. {\i{}Asshur and the Land of Nimrod. being an Account of Discoveries made in the Ancient Ruins of Nineveh, Asshur, Sepharvaim, Calah, Babylon, Borsippa, Cuthah, and Van, etc.} New York & Cincinnati: Curts.\
Ravn, O.E. 1939. {\i{}Herodots beskrivelse af Babylon.} Kopenhagen: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1942. {\i{}Herodotus\uc0\u8217{} Description of Babylon.} Kopenhagen: unknown.\
Rawlinson, G. 1858. {\i{}The History of Herodotus, vol. I-II.} London: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1865. {\i{}The Five Great Monarchies of the Ancient Eastern World, vol. III.} London: unknown.\
Razmjou, S. 2004. \uc0\u8220{}Glazed bricks in the Achaemenid period.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Persiens Antike Pracht. Bergbau, Handwerk, Arch\uc0\u228{}ologie.}, edited by Deutsches Bergbau-Museum Bochum Deutsches Bergbau-Museum Bochum and T. Stoellner, 382\uc0\u8211{}393. Bochum: Deutsches Bergbau-Museum.\
Reade, J. 1986a. \uc0\u8220{}A hoard of silver currency from Achaemenid Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Iran} 24: 79\uc0\u8211{}89.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1986b. \uc0\u8220{}Introduction: Rassam\uc0\u8217{}s Babylonian Collection: the excavations and the archives.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Catalogue of the Babylonian Tablets in the British Museum. Volume VI: Tablets from Sippar 1.}, edited by Erle Verdun Leichty, xii\uc0\u8211{}xxxvi. London: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1987. \uc0\u8220{}Babylonian Boundary-Stones and Comparable Monuments in the British Museum.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Annual Review of the Royal Inscriptions of Mesopotamia Project} 5: 47\uc0\u8211{}51.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1993. \uc0\u8220{}Hormuzd Rassam and his discoveries.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Iraq} 55: 39\uc0\u8211{}61.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2000a. \uc0\u8220{}Alexander the Great and the Hanging Gardens of Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Iraq} 62: 195\uc0\u8211{}217.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2000b. \uc0\u8220{}Early British excavations at Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon: Focus mesopotamischer Geschichte, Wiege fr\uc0\u252{}her Gelehrsamkeit, Mythos in der Moderne.}, edited by Johannes Renger, 2:47\uc0\u8211{}65. Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cken: Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cker SDV.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2000c. \uc0\u8220{}Stela fragments from Babylon in the British Museum. 2000/81.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nouvelles Assyriologiques Br\uc0\u232{}ves et Utilitaires} 2000\uc0\u8211{}4: 89-.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008a. \uc0\u8220{}Disappearance and rediscovery.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon: Myth and Reality.}, edited by Irving L. Finkel and Michael Seymour, 13\uc0\u8211{}32. London: British Museum.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008b. \uc0\u8220{}Early travellers on the wonders: suggested sites.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon: Myth and Reality.}, edited by Irving L. Finkel and Michael Seymour, 112\uc0\u8211{}117. London: British Museum.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008c. \uc0\u8220{}Nineteenth-century exploration and interpretation.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon: Myth and Reality.}, edited by Irving L. Finkel and Michael Seymour, 34\uc0\u8211{}39. London: British Museum.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008d. \uc0\u8220{}Tablets at Babylon and the British Museum.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon: Myth and Reality.}, edited by Irving L. Finkel and Michael Seymour, 74\uc0\u8211{}80. London: British Museum.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008e. \uc0\u8220{}The search for the ziggurat.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon: Myth and Reality.}, edited by Irving L. Finkel and Michael Seymour, 124\uc0\u8211{}126. London: British Museum.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2010. \uc0\u8220{}How many Miles to Babylon?\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Your Praise is Sweet: A memorial volume for Jeremy Black from students, collegues and friends}, edited by Heather Baker, Eleanor Robson, and Gabor Zolyomi, 281\uc0\u8211{}290. London: British Institute for the Study of Iraq.\
Recio, J.G. 1999. \uc0\u8220{}VAT 17256a: Fragmento del Himno al Templo de Ke\uc0\u353{}.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Arbor Scienticae. Estudios del Pr\uc0\u243{}ximo Oriente Antiguo dedicados a Gregorio del Olmo Lete con ocasi\uc0\u243{}n de su 65 aniversario.}, edited by M. Molina, I. M\uc0\u225{}rquez Rowe, and J. Sanmartin, 17\uc0\u8211{}18:201\uc0\u8211{}203. unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008a. \uc0\u8220{}L\uc0\u8217{}image de Babylone dans les sources bibliques.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 363\uc0\u8211{}366. Paris: Hazan.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008b. \uc0\u8220{}Le panth\uc0\u233{}on et le culte (Babylone au temps de Hammurabi).\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 53\uc0\u8211{}57. Paris: Hazan.\
Regling, K. 1928. \uc0\u8220{}Hellenistischer M\uc0\u252{}nzschatz aus Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Zeitschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Numismatik} 38: 92\uc0\u8211{}132.\
Reiter, K. 1991. \uc0\u8220{}Drei Nebukadnezar-Ziegelfragmente. 1991/73.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nouvelles Assyriologiques Br\uc0\u232{}ves et Utilitaires} 1991\uc0\u8211{}3: 46\uc0\u8211{}47.\
Renger, J. 1978. \uc0\u8220{}Wiedererstehendes Babylon - 1978.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 110: 29\uc0\u8211{}41.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1979. \uc0\u8220{}The city of Babylon during the Old Babylonian period.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 35: 209\uc0\u8211{}204.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}, ed. 2000a. {\i{}Babylon: Focus mesopotamischer Geschichte, Wiege fr\uc0\u252{}her Gelehrsamkeit, Mythos in der Moderne.} Vol. {\i{}2}. Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cken: Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cker SDV.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2000b. \uc0\u8220{}Focus mesopotamischer Geschichte, Wiege fr\uc0\u252{}her Gelehrsamkeit, Mythos in der Moderne.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon: Focus mesopotamischer Geschichte, Wiege fr\uc0\u252{}her Gelehrsamkeit, Mythos in der Moderne.}, edited by Johannes Renger, 2:1\uc0\u8211{}32. Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cken: Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cker SDV.\
Reuther, O. 1910. \uc0\u8220{}Berichte \uc0\u252{}ber die Grabungen im Merkes.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 44: 26\uc0\u8211{}28.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1911a. \uc0\u8220{}Berichte \uc0\u252{}ber die Grabungen im Merkes (3).\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 47: 20\uc0\u8211{}21.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1911b. \uc0\u8220{}Berichte \uc0\u252{}ber die Grabungen im Merkes.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 45: 24\uc0\u8211{}33.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1911c. \uc0\u8220{}Berichte \uc0\u252{}ber die Grabungen im S\uc0\u252{}den des Kasr.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 47: 18\uc0\u8211{}20.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1912a. \uc0\u8220{}Berichte \uc0\u252{}ber die Grabungen im Merkes (4).\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 49: 7\uc0\u8211{}12.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1912b. \uc0\u8220{}Berichte \uc0\u252{}ber die Grabungen im Merkes.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 48: 13\uc0\u8211{}17.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1913. \uc0\u8220{}Bericht \uc0\u252{}ber die Grabungen im Merkes.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 51: 20\uc0\u8211{}22.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1926a. \uc0\u8220{}Das babylonische Wohnhaus.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 64: 3\uc0\u8211{}32.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1926b. {\i{}Die Innenstadt von Babylon (Merkes).} Vol. {\i{}47}. Leipzig: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1932. \uc0\u8220{}Pal\uc0\u228{}ste Babylons.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 70: 30\uc0\u8211{}43.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1985. {\i{}\uc0\u1576{}\uc0\u1575{}\uc0\u1576{}\uc0\u1604{} \uc0\u1575{}\uc0\u1604{}\uc0\u1605{}\uc0\u1583{}\uc0\u1610{}\uc0\u1606{}\uc0\u1577{} \uc0\u1575{}\uc0\u1604{}\uc0\u1583{}\uc0\u1575{}\uc0\u1582{}\uc0\u1604{}\uc0\u1610{}\uc0\u1577{} \uc0\u1575{}\uc0\u1604{}\uc0\u1605{}\uc0\u1585{}\uc0\u1603{}\uc0\u1586{} The Inner City of Babylon (Al-Merkez)  Arabic translation by Nawal Khurshid Sa\uc0\u8217{}ad and Ali Yahya Mansoor of Die Innenstadt von Babylon (Merkes)}. Baghdad: unknown.\
Reynolds, F. 2002. \uc0\u8220{}Describing the Body of a God.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Mining the Archives. Festschrift for Christopher Walker on the Occasion of His 60th Birthday.}, edited by Cornelia Wunsch, 1:215\uc0\u8211{}227. Dresden: ISLET.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2003. {\i{}The Babylonian Correspondence of Esarhaddon.} Vol. {\i{}18}. Helsinki: unknown.\
Rich, C.J. 1815. {\i{}Memoir on the Ruins of Babylon.} London: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1818. {\i{}Memoir on the Ruins of Babylon. Second Memoir on Babylon.} London: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1839. {\i{}Narrative of a Journey to the Site of Babylon in 1811.} London: unknown.\
Richard, F. 2008. \uc0\u8220{}Babylone dans la tradition iranienne.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 392\uc0\u8211{}393. Paris: Hazan.\
Richardson, S. 2002. \uc0\u8220{}Ewe Should Be So Lucky: Extispicy Reports and Everyday Life.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Mining the Archives. Festschrift for Christopher Walker on the Occasion of His 60th Birthday.}, edited by Cornelia Wunsch, 1:229\uc0\u8211{}244. Dresden: ISLET.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2005. \uc0\u8220{}Trouble in the Countryside ana tar\uc0\u7779{}i Samsuditana: Militarism, Kassites, and the Fall of Babylon 1.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Ethnicity in Ancient Mesopotamia.}, edited by Wilfred Soldt, 102:273\uc0\u8211{}289. Leiden: unknown.\
Richter, C.H. 2011. {\i{}Parthische Pantoffelsarkophage: Untersuchungen zu einer Sargform Mesopotamiens im Vergleich mit Tons\uc0\u228{}rgen von \uc0\u196{}gypten \uc0\u252{}ber den Mittelmeerraum bis Zentralasien.} Vol. {\i{}49}. M\uc0\u252{}nster: Ugarit Verlag. https://books.google.com/books/about/Parthische_Pantoffelsarkophage.html?hl=&id=UEAvLgEACAAJ.\
Richter, H. 2002. \uc0\u8220{}Antropoide Tonsargophage aus Babylon: Bestattung \uc0\u224{} l\uc0\u8217{}\uc0\u233{}gyptienne?\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Die ph\uc0\u246{}nizischen antropoiden Sargophage.}, edited by S. Frede, 273\uc0\u8211{}301. Mainz: unknown.\
Rittig, D. 1977. {\i{}Assyrisch-babylonische Kleinplastik magischer Bedeutung vom 13.-6. Jh. v. Chr.} Vol. {\i{}1}. M\uc0\u252{}nchen: unknown.\
Riva, R. 2008. {\i{}The Neo-Babylonian Royal Inscriptions. An Introduction.} Vol. {\i{}4}. M\uc0\u252{}nster: unknown.\
Roaf, M. 1974. \uc0\u8220{}The subject peoples on the base of the statue of Darius.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Cahier de la D\uc0\u233{}l\uc0\u233{}gation arch\uc0\u233{}ologique francaise en Iran} 4: 73\uc0\u8211{}160.\
Roaf, M., K. Kaniuth, A. L\uc0\u246{}hnert, J.L. Miller, A. Otto, and W. Sallaberger, eds. 2013. {\i{}Tempel im Alten Orient.} Vol. {\i{}7}. Wiesbaden: Harrassowitz.\
Robinson, E.S.G. 1950. \uc0\u8220{}A \uc0\u8216{}silversmith\uc0\u8217{}s hoard\uc0\u8217{} from Mesopotamia.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Iraq} 12: 44\uc0\u8211{}51.\
Robson, E. 2001. \uc0\u8220{}Neither Sherlock Holmes Nor Babylon: A Reassessment of Plimpton 322.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Historia Mathematica} 28: 167\uc0\u8211{}206.\
Rochberg, F. 2000. \uc0\u8220{}Scribes and Scholars: The \uc0\u7789{}up\uc0\u353{}ar En\uc0\u363{}ma Anu Enlil.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Assyriologica et semitica.}, edited by Joachim Marzahn, Hans Neumann, and Andreas Fuchs, 252:359\uc0\u8211{}375. M\uc0\u252{}nster: Ugarit Verlag.\
Rochberg-Halton, F., ed. 1987. {\i{}Language, Literature, and History: Philological and Historical Studies Presented to Erica Reiner.} Vol. {\i{}67}. New Haven, CT: Eisenbrauns.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1989. \uc0\u8220{}Babylonian Horoscopes and their sources.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Orientalia} 58: 102\uc0\u8211{}123.\
Rollinger, R. 1993. {\i{}Herodots babylonischer Logos.} Vol. {\i{}84}. Innsbruck: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1998. \uc0\u8220{}\uc0\u220{}berlegungen zu Herodot, Xerxes und dessen angeblicher Zerst\uc0\u246{}rung Babylons.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Altorientalische Forschungen} 25: 339\uc0\u8211{}373.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1999. \uc0\u8220{}Xerxes und Babylon. 1999/8.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nouvelles Assyriologiques Br\uc0\u232{}ves et Utilitaires} 1999\uc0\u8211{}1: 9\uc0\u8211{}12.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}, ed. 2005. {\i{}Von Sumer bis Homer. Festschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Manfred Schretter zum 60. Geburtstag am 23. Februar 2004.} Vol. {\i{}325}. M\uc0\u252{}nster: Ugarit Verlag.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008a. \uc0\u8220{}Babylon in der antiken tradition - Herodot, Ktesias, Semiramis und die H\uc0\u228{}ngenden G\uc0\u228{}rten.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon Wahrheit.}, edited by Joachim Marzahn and G\uc0\u252{}nter Schauerte, 486\uc0\u8211{}504. M\uc0\u252{}nchen: Hirmer.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008b. \uc0\u8220{}L\uc0\u8217{}image et la post\uc0\u233{}rit\uc0\u233{} de Babylone dans les sources classiques.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 374\uc0\u8211{}377. Paris: Hazan.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008c. \uc0\u8220{}Von Kyros bis Xerxes: Babylon in persischer Zeit und die Frage der Bewertung des herodoteischen Geschichtswerkes - eine Nachlese.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Geburtskolloquium zu Ehren von Joachim Oelsner.}, edited by Manfred Krebernik and Hans Neumann. Stuttgart: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2014. \uc0\u8220{}Von Kyros bis Xerxes: Babylon in persischer Zeit und die Frage der Bewertung des herodoteischen Gesichtswerkes - eine Nachlese.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylonien und seine Nachbarn in neu- und sp\uc0\u228{}tbabylonischer Zeit.}, edited by Hans Neumann and Manfred Krebernik, 369:147\uc0\u8211{}194. M\uc0\u252{}nster: Ugarit Verlag.\
Rollinger, R., S. Heinsch, and W. Kuntner. 2011a. \uc0\u8220{}Von Herodot zur angeblichen Ver\uc0\u246{}dung babylonischer Stadtviertel in achaimenidischer Zeit: Kritischer Bemerkungen zum arch\uc0\u228{}ologischen Befund auf dem Merkes sowie zur vermeintlichen Zerst\uc0\u246{}rung des Tempels der I\uc0\u353{}tarvon Akkade durch Xerxes im Jahre 484 v.Chr.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Herodot und das Persische Weltreich.}, edited by Robert Rollinger, Brigitte Truschnegg, and Reinhold Bichler, 3:471\uc0\u8211{}498. Wiesbaden: Harrassowitz.\
Rollinger, R., W.F.M. Henkelman, A. Kurth, and J. Wieseh\uc0\u246{}fer. 2011b. \uc0\u8220{}Herodot und Babylon Reconsidered.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Herodot und das Persische Weltreich.}, edited by Robert Rollinger, Brigitte Truschnegg, and Reinhold Bichler, 3:449\uc0\u8211{}470. Wiesbaden: Harrassowitz.\
Rollinger, R., B. Truschnegg, and R. Bichler, eds. 2011c. {\i{}Herodot und das Persische Weltreich.} Vol. {\i{}3}. Wiesbaden: Harrassowitz.\
Root, M.C., A. Kuhrt, and H. Sancisi-Weerdenburg, eds. 1994. {\i{}Continuity and Change.} Vol. {\i{}8}. Leiden: unknown.\
Ross, M., ed. 2008. {\i{}From the Banks of the Euphrates: Studies in Honor of Alice Louise Slotsky.} Winona Lake, IN: Eisenbrauns.\
Roth, M. 1989. \uc0\u8220{}The Material Composition of the Neo-Babylonian Dowry.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Archiv f\uc0\u252{}r Orientforschung} 36/37: 1\uc0\u8211{}55.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1991a. \uc0\u8220{}The Dowries of the Women of the Itti-Marduk-bal\uc0\u257{}\uc0\u7789{}u Family.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Journal of the American Oriental Society} 111: 19\uc0\u8211{}37.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1991b. \uc0\u8220{}The Neo-Babylonian Widow.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Journal of Cuneiform Studies} 43\uc0\u8211{}45: 1\uc0\u8211{}26.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2000. \uc0\u8220{}fTa\uc0\u353{}m\uc0\u275{}tu-damqat and Daughters.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Assyriologica et semitica.}, edited by Joachim Marzahn, Hans Neumann, and Andreas Fuchs, 252:387\uc0\u8211{}400. M\uc0\u252{}nster: Ugarit Verlag.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2007. \uc0\u8220{}On Amputation, Beating, and Illegal Seizure.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Studies presented to Robert D. Biggs, June 4, 2004.}, edited by Martha Roth, F. Farber, Matthew Wolfgang Stolper, and P. Bechtolsheim, 27:207\uc0\u8211{}218. Chicago: The Oriental Institute.\
Roth, M., F. Farber, M.W. Stolper, and P. Bechtolsheim, eds. 2007. {\i{}Studies presented to Robert D. Biggs, June 4, 2004.} Vol. {\i{}27}. Chicago: The Oriental Institute.\
Roth, M., J. Myers, and R. Biggs, eds. 2008. {\i{}Proceedings of the 51st Rencontre assyriologique internationale.} Vol. {\i{}62}. Chicago: unknown.\
Rowe, I.M. 2016. \uc0\u8220{}Two Middle-Babylonian Atra-\uc0\u7723{}asis Tablets from Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Aula Orientalis} 34: 57\uc0\u8211{}70.\
Rumayidh, S.S. 2003. April. \uc0\u8220{}Rapeioqum-Babylon Town from the second thousand B.C. Its Importance and Site.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 52 (April): 453\uc0\u8211{}456.\
Rutten, M. 1947. \uc0\u8220{}Contestation au sujet d\uc0\u8217{}une donation d\uc0\u8217{}une m\uc0\u232{}re a ses fils.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Revue d\uc0\u8217{}Assyriologie et d\uc0\u8217{}Arch\uc0\u233{}ologie Orientale} 41: 99\uc0\u8211{}103.\
Sachs, A.J., and H. Hunger. 1988. {\i{}Astronomical Diaries and Related Texts from Babylonia, Vol. 1. Diaries from 652 B.C. to 262 B.C.} Vol. {\i{}195}. Wien: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1989. {\i{}Astronomical Diaries and Related Texts from Babylonia, Vol. 2. Diaries from 261 B.C. to 165 B.C.} Vol. {\i{}210}. Wien: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1996. {\i{}Astronomical Diaries and Related Texts from Babylonia, Vol. 3. Diaries from 164 B.C. to 61 B.C.} Vol. {\i{}247}. Wien: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2001. {\i{}Astronomical Diaries and Related Texts from Babylonia, Vol. 5. Lunar and Planetary Texts.} Vol. {\i{}299}. Wien: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2006. {\i{}Astronomical Diaries and Related Texts from Babylonia, Vol. 6. Goal Year Texts.} Vol. {\i{}346}. Wien: unknown.\
Sack, D. 2008. \uc0\u8220{}Robert Koldewey - Eine Methode lebt weiter.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Auf dem Weg nach Babylon.}, edited by Ralf B. Wartke, 176\uc0\u8211{}187. Mainz: Zabern.\
Sack, R.H. 1972. {\i{}Am\uc0\u275{}l-Marduk 562-569 B.C. A Study based on Cuneiform, Old Testament, Greek, Latin and Rabbinical Sources. With Plates.} Vol. {\i{}4}. Neukirchen-Vluyn: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1991. {\i{}Images of Nebuchadnezzar. The Emergence of a Legend.} Selingsgrove: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1994. {\i{}Neriglissar - King of Babylon.} Vol. {\i{}236}. M\uc0\u252{}nster: Ugarit Verlag.\
Said, M.A.M. 1979. \uc0\u8220{}The Greek theatre.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 35: 111\uc0\u8211{}99.\
Sa\uc0\u8217{}id, S. 1985. \uc0\u8220{}Babylon under the Assyrians.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 44: 55\uc0\u8211{}68.\
Salje, B. 2008. \uc0\u8220{}Robert Koldewey und das Vorderasiatische Museum Berlin.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Auf dem Weg nach Babylon.}, edited by Ralf B. Wartke, 124\uc0\u8211{}147. Mainz: Zabern.\
Sallaberger, W. 2000. \uc0\u8220{}Das Erscheinen Marduks als Vorzeichen: Kultstatue und Neujahrsfest in der Omenserie \uc0\u352{}umma \uc0\u257{}lu.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Zeitschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Assyriologie} 90: 227\uc0\u8211{}262.\
Salloum, A.I. 1985. \uc0\u8220{}Magnetic survey on archaeological sites (ziggurat area in the old city of Babylon).\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 41: 48\uc0\u8211{}49.\
Salman, I. 1970. \uc0\u8220{}Foreword.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 26: e-.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1971. \uc0\u8220{}Foreword.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 27: f-.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1972. \uc0\u8220{}Foreword.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 28: b-c.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1973. \uc0\u8220{}Foreword.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 29: e-f.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1974. \uc0\u8220{}Foreword.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 30: j-l.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1975. \uc0\u8220{}Foreword.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 31: e-.\
Sals, U. 2004. {\i{}Die Biographie der \uc0\u8220{}Hure Babylon\uc0\u8221{}, Studies zur Intertextualit\uc0\u228{}t der Babylon-Texte in der Bibel.} Vol. {\i{}2/6}. T\uc0\u252{}bingen: unknown.\
Sami, R.M. 1999. \uc0\u8220{}A brief view into the history of Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 50: 98\uc0\u8211{}110.\
Sancisi-Weerdenburg, H. 1989. \uc0\u8220{}The Personality of Xerxes, King of Kings.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Archeologia Iranica et Orientalis: miscellanea in honorem Louis Vanden Berghe.}, edited by E. Haerinck and L. Meyer, 549\uc0\u8211{}561. Gent: unknown.\
Sancisi-Weerdenburg, H., and J.W. Drijvers, eds. 1990. {\i{}The Roots of the European Tradition.} Vol. {\i{}5}. Leiden: unknown.\
Sancisi-Weerdenburg, H., and A. Kuhrt, eds. 1987. {\i{}The Greek Sources.} Vol. {\i{}2}. Leiden: unknown.\
Sanders, J. 1979. \uc0\u8220{}Complexities and contradictions in Mesopotamian architecture of the first millennium B.C.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 35: 391\uc0\u8211{}356.\
Sarkisian, G.C. 1969. \uc0\u8220{}City Land in Seleucid Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Ancient Mesopotamia: Socio.Economic History. A Collection of Studies by Soviet Scholars.}, edited by Igor Mikailovich Diakonoff, 312\uc0\u8211{}331. Moskau: unknown.\
Sass, B., and J. Marzahn. 2010. {\i{}Aramaic and Figural Stamp Impressions on Bricks of the Sixth Century B.C. from Babylon.} Vol. {\i{}127}. Wiesbaden: Harrassowitz.\
Sayce, A.H. 1889. \uc0\u8220{}Some Unpublished Contract-Tablets.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Babylonian & Oriental Record: A Monthly Magazine of the Antiquities of the East} 4/1: 1\uc0\u8211{}6.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1890. \uc0\u8220{}Babylonian Contract-Tablet belonging to the Imperial Academy of Sciences at St. Petersburg.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Zeitschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Assyriologie} 5: 276\uc0\u8211{}280.\
Schaudig, H. 2001. {\i{}Die Inschriften Nabonids von Babylon und Kyros\uc0\u8217{} des Grossen.} Vol. {\i{}256}. M\uc0\u252{}nster: Ugarit Verlag.\
Schauerte, G., and J. Marzahn. 2008. \uc0\u8220{}Einleitung.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon Wahrheit.}, edited by Joachim Marzahn and G\uc0\u252{}nter Schauerte, 15\uc0\u8211{}27. M\uc0\u252{}nchen: Hirmer.\
Scheil, V. 1913. \uc0\u8220{}Documents relatifs \uc0\u224{} l\uc0\u8217{}histoire de l\uc0\u8217{}assyriologie, III.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Revue d\uc0\u8217{}Assyriologie et d\uc0\u8217{}Arch\uc0\u233{}ologie Orientale} 10: 185\uc0\u8211{}193.\
Schipper, B.U. 2008. \uc0\u8220{}\uc0\u8216{}So hat sich die \uc0\u220{}berlieferung zu Judentum und Christentum zum guten Teile aufgel\uc0\u246{}st\uc0\u8217{}. Adolf Erman, Hermann Gunkel und der Babel-Bibel-Streit.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Die Welt des Orients} 38: 221\uc0\u8211{}231.\
Schmid, H. 1981. \uc0\u8220{}Ergebnisse einer Grabung am Kernmassiv der Zikkurat in Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Baghdader Mitteilungen} 12: 87\uc0\u8211{}137.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1990. \uc0\u8220{}Rekonstruktionsversuche und Forschungsstand der Zikkurrat von Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Das wieder erstehende Babylon.}, edited by Robert Koldewey, 303\uc0\u8211{}342. Berlin & M\uc0\u252{}nchen: Beck.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1995. {\i{}Der Tempelturm Etemenanki in Babylon.} Vol. {\i{}17}. Mainz: unknown.\
Schmid, J.G. 1985. \uc0\u8220{}The history of the construction of the ziggurat in Babylon according to the results of the excavations in 1962.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 41: 44\uc0\u8211{}47.\
Schmidt, J. 1973. \uc0\u8220{}Die Ausgrabungen in Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Archiv f\uc0\u252{}r Orientforschung} 24: 164\uc0\u8211{}166.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2002. \uc0\u8220{}Das B\uc0\u299{}t Ak\uc0\u299{}tu von Babylon. Mit einem Beitrag (Babylon in islamischer Zeit) von Barbara Finster.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Baghdader Mitteilungen} 33: 281\uc0\u8211{}330.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2005. \uc0\u8220{}Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}- Aussenstelle Baghdad. 50 Jahre Forschungen im Irak 1955-2005.}, edited by Orient-Abteilung Deutsches Arch\uc0\u228{}ologisches Institut, 61\uc0\u8211{}67. Berlin: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2010. \uc0\u8220{}Fritz Rudolf Kraus in Istanbul (1937-1949) and the Development of Ancient Near Eastern Studies in Turkey.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Bibliotheca Orientalia} 67: 5\uc0\u8211{}22.\
Schmitt, R. 1975. \uc0\u8220{}Altpersische Inschriften aus Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Die Sprache} 21: 42-.\
Schm\uc0\u246{}kel, H. 1958. {\i{}Hammurabi von Babylon.} M\uc0\u252{}nchen: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1971. {\i{}Hammurabi von Babylon.} Darmstadt: unknown.\
Schramm, W. 1975. \uc0\u8220{}Carl Bellino an G. Fr. Grotefend, Briefe und Inschriften, I. Die Briefe Carl Bellinos an G. Fr. Grotefend.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Zeitschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Assyriologie} 64: 250\uc0\u8211{}290.\
Schuchhardt, C. 1925. \uc0\u8220{}Robert Koldewey.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Gnomon} 1: 52\uc0\u8211{}54.\
Seidl, U. 1968. \uc0\u8220{}Die babylonischen Kudurru-Reliefs.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Baghdader Mitteilungen} 4: 7\uc0\u8211{}220.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1976. \uc0\u8220{}Ein Relief Dareios\uc0\u8217{} I. in Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Arch\uc0\u228{}ologische Mitteilungen aus Iran} 9: 125\uc0\u8211{}130.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1989. {\i{}Die Babylonischen Kudurru-Reliefs. Symbole mesopotamischer Gottheiten.} Vol. {\i{}87}. G\uc0\u246{}ttingen: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1999. \uc0\u8220{}Ein MonumentDarius\uc0\u8217{} I. aus Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Zeitschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Assyriologie} 89: 101\uc0\u8211{}114.\
Seipel, W. 2003. {\i{}Der Turmbau zu Babel. Ursprung und Vielhaft von Sprache und Schrift. Eine Ausstellung des Kunsthistorisches Museums Wien f\uc0\u252{}r die Europ\uc0\u228{}ische Kulturhauptstadt Graz 2003.} Gratz & Milan: unknown.\
Selby, W.B. 1859. {\i{}Memoir on the Ruins of Babylon.} Vol. {\i{}51}. Bombay: unknown.\
Selz, G. 2008. \uc0\u8220{}Das babylonische K\uc0\u246{}nigtum.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon Wahrheit.}, edited by Joachim Marzahn and G\uc0\u252{}nter Schauerte, 105\uc0\u8211{}138. M\uc0\u252{}nchen: Hirmer.\
Seymour, M. 2008a. \uc0\u8220{}(Belshazzar\uc0\u8217{}s Feast and the Fall of Babylon) Representations in art.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon: Myth and Reality.}, edited by Irving L. Finkel and Michael Seymour, 173\uc0\u8211{}178. London: British Museum.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008b. \uc0\u8220{}Babylon in Contemporary Art and Culture.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon: Myth and Reality.}, edited by Irving L. Finkel and Michael Seymour, 203\uc0\u8211{}212. London: British Museum.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008c. \uc0\u8220{}Babylon in the Book of Revelation.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon: Myth and Reality.}, edited by Irving L. Finkel and Michael Seymour, 179\uc0\u8211{}180. London: British Museum.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008d. \uc0\u8220{}Classical accounts.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon: Myth and Reality.}, edited by Irving L. Finkel and Michael Seymour, 104\uc0\u8211{}109. London: British Museum.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008e. \uc0\u8220{}Cultural reception and art.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon: Myth and Reality.}, edited by Irving L. Finkel and Michael Seymour, 157\uc0\u8211{}160. London: British Museum.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008f. \uc0\u8220{}Representing the Babylon of Revelation in art and culture.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon: Myth and Reality.}, edited by Irving L. Finkel and Michael Seymour, 180\uc0\u8211{}188. London: British Museum.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008g. \uc0\u8220{}Robert Koldewey and the Babylon excavations.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon: Myth and Reality.}, edited by Irving L. Finkel and Michael Seymour, 40\uc0\u8211{}45. London: British Museum.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008h. \uc0\u8220{}The artistic legacy: Blake\uc0\u8217{}s Nebuchadnezzar.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon: Myth and Reality.}, edited by Irving L. Finkel and Michael Seymour, 166\uc0\u8211{}169. London: British Museum.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008i. \uc0\u8220{}The Babylonian Captivity in art and culture.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon: Myth and Reality.}, edited by Irving L. Finkel and Michael Seymour, 150\uc0\u8211{}154. London: British Museum.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008j. \uc0\u8220{}The Hanging Gardens and Walls of Babylon in art and culture.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon: Myth and Reality.}, edited by Irving L. Finkel and Michael Seymour, 118\uc0\u8211{}123. London: British Museum.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008k. \uc0\u8220{}The Zikkurat of Babel in art.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon: Myth and Reality.}, edited by Irving L. Finkel and Michael Seymour, 132\uc0\u8211{}141. London: British Museum.\
Seymour, M., and I.L. Finkel. 2008a. \uc0\u8220{}Babylon. Introduction.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon: Myth and Reality.}, edited by Irving L. Finkel and Michael Seymour, 10\uc0\u8211{}12. London: British Museum.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008b. \uc0\u8220{}Daniel the seer.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon: Myth and Reality.}, edited by Irving L. Finkel and Michael Seymour, 155\uc0\u8211{}156. London: British Museum.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008c. \uc0\u8220{}History and Legend.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon: Myth and Reality.}, edited by Irving L. Finkel and Michael Seymour, 102\uc0\u8211{}103. London: British Museum.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008d. \uc0\u8220{}The Genesis account.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon: Myth and Reality.}, edited by Irving L. Finkel and Michael Seymour, 130\uc0\u8211{}131. London: British Museum.\
Shah, M.A. 1979. \uc0\u8220{}The Southern Palace.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 35: 93\uc0\u8211{}87.\
Sherwin-White, S. 1982. \uc0\u8220{}A Greek Ostrakon from Babylon of the Early Third Century B.C.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Zeitschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Papyrologie und Epigraphik} 47: 51\uc0\u8211{}70.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1983. \uc0\u8220{}Ritual for a Seleucid king at Babylon?\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}The Journal of Hellenic Studies} 103: 156\uc0\u8211{}160.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1987. \uc0\u8220{}Seleucid Babylonia: a case-study for the installation and development of Greek rule.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Hellenism in the East: The interaction of Greek and non-Greek civilizations from Syria to Central Asia after Alexander.}, edited by Am\uc0\u233{}lie Kuhrt and S. Sherwin-White, 1\uc0\u8211{}31. London: unknown.\
Sherwin-White, S., and A. Kuhrt. 1987. \uc0\u8220{}Xerxes\uc0\u8217{} Destruction of Babylonian Temples.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}The Greek Sources.}, edited by H. Sancisi-Weerdenburg and Am\uc0\u233{}lie Kuhrt, 2:69\uc0\u8211{}78. Leiden: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1994. \uc0\u8220{}The Transition from Achaemenid to the Seleucid Rule in Babylonia: Revolution or Evolution?.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Continuity and Change.}, edited by Margret Cool Root, Am\uc0\u233{}lie Kuhrt, and H. Sancisi-Weerdenburg, 8:. Leiden: unknown.\
Shiff, L.B. 1987. {\i{}The N\uc0\u363{}r-S\uc0\u238{}n Archive: Private Entrepreneurship in Babylon (603-507 B.C.).} unknown.\
Sigrist, M., H.H. Figulla, and C. Walker. 1996. {\i{}Catalogue of the Babylonian Tablets in the British Museum, 2.} London: unknown.\
Sihab, K.A. 1985. \uc0\u8220{}The vaulted structure.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 41: 58\uc0\u8211{}59.\
Simon, H. 1977. \uc0\u8220{}Die S\uc0\u257{}s\uc0\u257{}nidischen M\uc0\u252{}nzen des Fundes von Babylon. Ein Teil des bei Koldeweys Ausgrabungen im Jahre 1900 gefundenen M\uc0\u252{}nzschatzes.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Acta Iranica} 12: 149\uc0\u8211{}337.\
Sinclair, P.J.J., G. Nordquist, F. Herschend, and C. Isendahl, eds. 2010. {\i{}The Urban Mind. Cultural and Environmental Dynamics.} Vol. {\i{}15}. Uppsala: unknown.\
Singer, I., ed. 2010. {\i{}ipamati kistamati pari tumatimis. Luwian and Hittite Studies Presented to J. David Hawkins on the Occasion of his 70th Birthday.} Tel Aviv: unknown.\
Sj\uc0\u246{}berg, \uc0\u197{}.W. 1975. \uc0\u8220{}Der Examentext A.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Zeitschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Assyriologie} 64: 137\uc0\u8211{}176.\
Slanski, K.E. 2003. {\i{}The Babylonian entitlement nar\uc0\u251{}s (kudurrus). A study of their form and function.} Boston: unknown.\
Slotsky, A.L. 1997. {\i{}The Bourse of Babylon. Market Quatations in the Astronomical Diaries of Babylonia.} Bethesda, MD: unknown.\
Smelik, K.A.D. 1978. \uc0\u8220{}The \uc0\u8216{}omina mortis\uc0\u180{} in the Histories of Alexander the Great. Alexander\uc0\u8217{}s attitude towards the Babylonian Priesthood.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}\uc0\u932{}\uc0\u940{}\uc0\u955{}\uc0\u945{}\uc0\u957{}\uc0\u964{}\uc0\u945{}. Proceedings of the Dutch Archaeological and Historical Society} 10\uc0\u8211{}11: 92\uc0\u8211{}111.\
Smelik, W.F. 2011. \uc0\u8220{}Myth and Truth: Babylon in the Babylonian Talmud.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon. Wissenskultur in Orient und Okzident.}, edited by Eva Cancik-Kirschbaum, Joachim Marzahn, and Margarete Ess, 1:271\uc0\u8211{}283. Berlin: Walter Gruyter.\
Smith, S. 1924. {\i{}The Babylonian Historical Texts Relating to the Capture and Downfall of Babylon.} London: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1925. \uc0\u8220{}Miscellanea. (3) Nabonidus\uc0\u8217{} Restoration of E-MA\uc0\u352{}-DA-RI.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Revue d\uc0\u8217{}Assyriologie et d\uc0\u8217{}Arch\uc0\u233{}ologie Orientale} 22: 57\uc0\u8211{}70.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1975. {\i{}The Babylonian Historical Texts Relating to the Capture and Downfall of Babylon.} Hildesheim: unknown.\
Snell, D.C. 1994. \uc0\u8220{}A Neo-Babylonian Colophon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Revue d\uc0\u8217{}Assyriologie et d\uc0\u8217{}Arch\uc0\u233{}ologie Orientale} 88: 59\uc0\u8211{}63.\
Soden, W. 1933. \uc0\u8220{}Der hymnisch-epische Dialekt des Akkadischen.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Zeitschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Assyriologie} 41: 90\uc0\u8211{}183.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1936. \uc0\u8220{}Bemerkungen zu den von Ebeling in \uc0\u8216{}Tod und Leben\uc0\u8217{} Band I bearbeiteten Texten.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Zeitschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Assyriologie} 43: 251\uc0\u8211{}276.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1982. \uc0\u8220{}review of McEwan, Priest and Temple in Hellenistic Babylonia.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Zeitschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Assyriologie} 71: 292\uc0\u8211{}297.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1983. \uc0\u8220{}Kyros und Nabonid, Propaganda und Gegenpropaganda.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Arch\uc0\u228{}ologische Mitteilungen aus Iran (Erg\uc0\u228{}nzungsb\uc0\u228{}nde).} 10: 61\uc0\u8211{}68.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1996. \uc0\u8220{}Die babylonischen K\uc0\u246{}ningsinschriften 1157-612 v. Chr. und die Frage nach der Planungszeit und dem Baubeginn von Etemenanki.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Zeitschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Assyriologie} 86: 80\uc0\u8211{}88.\
Soldt, W. 1994. {\i{}Letters in the British Museum, Part 2.} Leiden: unknown.\
Soldt, W., ed. 2005. {\i{}Ethnicity in Ancient Mesopotamia.} Vol. {\i{}102}. Leiden: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2011. \uc0\u8220{}The Role of Babylon in Western Peripheral Education.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon. Wissenskultur in Orient und Okzident.}, edited by Eva Cancik-Kirschbaum, Joachim Marzahn, and Margarete Ess, 1:197\uc0\u8211{}211. Berlin: Walter Gruyter.\
Soldt, W., and J.G. Dercksen, eds. 2001. {\i{}Studies presented to Klaas R. Veenhof on the occasion of his sixty-fith birthday.} Leiden: Nederlands Instituut Nabije Oosten.\
Sollberger, E. 1962. \uc0\u8220{}Graeco-Babyloniaca.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Iraq} 24: 63\uc0\u8211{}72.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1985. \uc0\u8220{}Babylon\uc0\u8217{}s beginnings.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 41: 10\uc0\u8211{}13.\
Sollberger, E., and J.R. Kupper. 1971. {\i{}Inscriptions royales sum\uc0\u233{}riennes et akkadiennes.} Vol. {\i{}3}. Paris: unknown.\
Sommerfeld, W. 1982. {\i{}Der Aufstieg Marduks: Die Stellung Marduks in der babylonischen Religion des zweiten Jahrtausends v. Chr.} Vol. {\i{}213}. Neukirchen-Vluyn: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1985. \uc0\u8220{}The rise of Marduk - some aspects of divine exaltation.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 41: 97\uc0\u8211{}100.\
Soucek, V., and P. Vavrou\uc0\u353{}ek, eds. 1988. {\i{}Papers on the Ancient Near East Presented at International Conference of Socialist Countries.} Vol. {\i{}1}. Prague: unknown.\
Spar, I., and E. Dassow. 2000. {\i{}Private Archive Texts from the First Millennium B.C.} Vol. {\i{}3}. New York & Brussels: unknown.\
Spar, I., and W. Lambert, eds. 2005. {\i{}Literary and Scholastic Texts of the First Millennium B.C.} Vol. {\i{}2}. New York: unknown.\
Spek, R. 1985. \uc0\u8220{}The Babylonian Temple during the Macedonian and Parthian Domination.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Bibliotheca Orientalia} 42: 541\uc0\u8211{}562.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1987. \uc0\u8220{}The Babylonian City.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Hellenism in the East: The interaction of Greek and non-Greek civilizations from Syria to Central Asia after Alexander.}, edited by Am\uc0\u233{}lie Kuhrt and S. Sherwin-White, 57\uc0\u8211{}74. London: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1993. \uc0\u8220{}The Astronomical Diaries as a Source for Achaemenid and Seleucid History.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Bibliotheca Orientalia} 50: 91\uc0\u8211{}101.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1995a. \uc0\u8220{}Landownership in Babylonian Cuneiform Documents.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Legal Documents of the Hellenistic Period.}, edited by Markham Geller, H. Maehler, and A.D.E. Lewis, 173\uc0\u8211{}245. London: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1995b. \uc0\u8220{}Review of R. Rollinger, Herodots babylonischer Logos.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Orientalia} 64: 474\uc0\u8211{}477.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1997. \uc0\u8220{}New Evidence from the Babylonian Astronomical Diaries Concerning Seleucid and Arcasid History.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Archiv f\uc0\u252{}r Orientforschung} 44/45: 166\uc0\u8211{}175.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1998. \uc0\u8220{}The Chronology of the Wars of Artaxerxes II in the Babylonian Astronomical Diaries.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Studies in Persian History. Essays in Memory of David M. Lewis.}, edited by M. Brosius and Am\uc0\u233{}lie Kuhrt, 11:239\uc0\u8211{}256. Leiden: Het Nederlands Inst Vh Nabije.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2000. \uc0\u8220{}The \uc0\u352{}atammus of Esagila in the Seleucid and Arcasid Periods.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Assyriologica et semitica.}, edited by Joachim Marzahn, Hans Neumann, and Andreas Fuchs, 252:437\uc0\u8211{}446. M\uc0\u252{}nster: Ugarit Verlag.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2001. \uc0\u8220{}The theatre of Babylon in cuneiform.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Studies presented to Klaas R. Veenhof on the occasion of his sixty-fith birthday.}, edited by Winfried Soldt and Jan Gerrit Dercksen, 445\uc0\u8211{}456. Leiden: Nederlands Instituut Nabije Oosten.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2003. \uc0\u8220{}Darius III, Alexander the Great and Babylonian Scholarship.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}A Persian Perspective.}, edited by Wouter F.M. Henkelman and Am\uc0\u233{}lie Kuhrt, 13:. Leiden: Nederlands Instituut Nabije Oosten.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2005. \uc0\u8220{}Ethnic Segregation in Hellenistic Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Ethnicity in Ancient Mesopotamia.}, edited by Wilfred Soldt, 102:393\uc0\u8211{}408. Leiden: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2006. \uc0\u8220{}The Size and Significance of the Babylonian Temples under the Successors.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}La transition entre l\uc0\u8217{}empire ach\uc0\u233{}m\uc0\u233{}nide et les royaumes hell\uc0\u233{}nistiques (vers 350-300 av. J.-C.).}, edited by P. Briant and Friedrich Joann\uc0\u232{}s, 9:261\uc0\u8211{}307. Paris: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008a. \uc0\u8220{}Berossos as a Babylonian chronicler and Greek historian.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Studies in Ancient Near Eastern World View and Society, Presented to Marten Stol on the Occasion of his 65th Birthday.}, edited by Robert Spek, 277\uc0\u8211{}318. Bethesda, MD: CDL Press.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}, ed. 2008b. {\i{}Studies in Ancient Near Eastern World View and Society, Presented to Marten Stol on the Occasion of his 65th Birthday.} Bethesda, MD: CDL Press.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2009. \uc0\u8220{}Multi-ethnicity and ethnic segregation in Hellenistic Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Ethnic constructs in antiquity: The role of power and tradition.}, edited by T. Derks and N. Roymans, 13:101\uc0\u8211{}115. Amsterdam: Amsterdam University Press.\
Spek, R., and C.A. Mandemakers. 2003. \uc0\u8220{}Sense and nonsense in the statistical approach of Babylonian prices (review article of A.L. Slotsky, The Bourse of Babylon).\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Bibliotheca Orientalia} 60: 521\uc0\u8211{}538.\
Speleers, L. 1925. {\i{}Recueil des inscriptions de l\uc0\u8217{}Asie Ant\uc0\u233{}rieure des Mus\uc0\u233{}es Royaux du Cinquantenaire \uc0\u224{} Bruxelles.} Brussels: unknown.\
Steele, J.M. 2002. \uc0\u8220{}Some Lunar Ephemerides and Related Texts from Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Mining the Archives. Festschrift for Christopher Walker on the Occasion of His 60th Birthday.}, edited by Cornelia Wunsch, 1:293\uc0\u8211{}318. Dresden: ISLET.\
Steele, J.M., and F.R. Stephenson. 1997. \uc0\u8220{}Canon of Solar and Lunar Eclipses for Babylon: 750 B.C. - A.D. 1.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Archiv f\uc0\u252{}r Orientforschung} 44/45: 195\uc0\u8211{}209.\
Stein, P. 2000. {\i{}Die mittel- und neubabylonische K\uc0\u246{}nigsinschriften bis zum Ende der Assyrerherrschaft. Grammatische Untersuchungen.} Vol. {\i{}3}. Wiesbaden: unknown.\
Steiner, R.C., and C.F. Nims. 1985. \uc0\u8220{}Ashurbanipal and Shamash-shum-ukin: A tale of Two Bothers from the Aramaic text in Demotic script. Part 1.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Revue Biblique} 92/1: 60\uc0\u8211{}81.\
Sternitzke, K. 2016a. \uc0\u8220{}Babylon im 2. Jahrtausend vor Christus. Die arch\uc0\u228{}ologischen Befunde der altbabylonischen und kassitischen Zeit aus den Deutschen Grabungen von 1899 \uc0\u8211{} 1917.\uc0\u8221{} . Bern.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2016b. \uc0\u8220{}Der Kontext der altbabylonischen Archive aus Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 148: 179\uc0\u8211{}197.\
Stevens, A. 1985. \uc0\u8220{}Suggested method of preservation of the mud-brick structures of the archaeological sites in Assur, Nineveh, Kalkhu, Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 41: 78\uc0\u8211{}79.\
Stevenson, D.W.W. 1992. \uc0\u8220{}A proposal for the irrigation of the Hanging Gardens of Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Iraq} 54: 35\uc0\u8211{}55.\
Stigers, H.C. 1976. \uc0\u8220{}Neo- and Late Babylonian Business Documents from the John Frederick Lewis Collection.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Journal of Cuneiform Studies} 28: 3\uc0\u8211{}59.\
Stol, M. 1993. {\i{}Epilepsy in Babylonia.} Vol. {\i{}2}. Groningen: unknown.\
Stolper, M.W. 1985. \uc0\u8220{}Empire and Province: Abstract of Remarks on Two Late Babylonian Archives.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Pal\uc0\u233{}orient} 11/2: 63\uc0\u8211{}65.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1987. \uc0\u8220{}B\uc0\u275{}l\uc0\u353{}unu the Satrap.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Language, Literature, and History: Philological and Historical Studies Presented to Erica Reiner.}, edited by F. Rochberg-Halton, 67:389\uc0\u8211{}402. New Haven, CT: Eisenbrauns.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1988. \uc0\u8220{}The Kasr Archive.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}American Journal of Archaeology} 92: 587\uc0\u8211{}588.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1989a. \uc0\u8220{}Registration and Taxation of Slave Sales in Achaemenid Babylonia.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Zeitschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Assyriologie} 79: 80\uc0\u8211{}101.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1989b. \uc0\u8220{}The Governor of Babylon and Across-the-River in 486 B.C.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Journal of Near Eastern Studies} 48: 283\uc0\u8211{}305.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1990. \uc0\u8220{}The Kasr Archive.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Centre and Periphery.}, edited by Am\uc0\u233{}lie Kuhrt and H. Sancisi-Weerdenburg, 4:195\uc0\u8211{}205. Leiden: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1994a. \uc0\u8220{}A Late-Achaemenid Lease from the Rich Collection.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Journal of the American Oriental Society} 114: 625\uc0\u8211{}627.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1994b. \uc0\u8220{}Iranians in Babylonia (review article of M.A. Dandamaev, Iranians in Achaemenid Babylonia).\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Journal of the American Oriental Society} 114: 617\uc0\u8211{}627.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1995. \uc0\u8220{}The Babylonian Enterprise of Belesys.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Dans les pas des Dix-Mille: Peuples et pays du Proche-Orient vus par un Grec, Actes de la Table Ronde internationale, organis\uc0\u233{}e \uc0\u224{} l\uc0\u8217{}initiative du GRACO, Toulouse, 3-4 f\uc0\u233{}vrier 1995.}, edited by P. Briant, 43:217\uc0\u8211{}238. Toulouse: Presses Mirail.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1999. \uc0\u8220{}Late Achaemenid Babylonian Chronology. 1999/6.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nouvelles Assyriologiques Br\uc0\u232{}ves et Utilitaires} 1999\uc0\u8211{}1: 6\uc0\u8211{}9.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2000a. \uc0\u8220{}Achaemenid Legal Texts from the Kasr: Interim Observations.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon: Focus mesopotamischer Geschichte, Wiege fr\uc0\u252{}her Gelehrsamkeit, Mythos in der Moderne.}, edited by Johannes Renger, 2:365\uc0\u8211{}375. Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cken: Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cker SDV.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2000b. \uc0\u8220{}Buildings on Bow Land and Encumbrances on Buildings.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Variatio Delectat. Iran und der Westen. Gedenkschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Peter Calmeyer.}, edited by Reinhard Dittmann, 272:667\uc0\u8211{}680. M\uc0\u252{}nster: Ugarit Verlag.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2000c. \uc0\u8220{}No Harm Done: on Late Achaemenid pirku Guarantees.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Assyriologica et semitica.}, edited by Joachim Marzahn, Hans Neumann, and Andreas Fuchs, 252:467\uc0\u8211{}477. M\uc0\u252{}nster: Ugarit Verlag.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2003. \uc0\u8220{}\uc0\u8216{}No-one has exact information except for you\uc0\u180{}. Communication between Babylon and Uruk in the First Achaemenid Reigns.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}A Persian Perspective.}, edited by Wouter F.M. Henkelman and Am\uc0\u233{}lie Kuhrt, 13:265\uc0\u8211{}287. Leiden: Nederlands Instituut Nabije Oosten.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2004. \uc0\u8220{}The Kasr texts, the Rich collection, the Bellino copies and the Grotefend Nachlass.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Assyria and Beyond. Studies presented to Mogens Trolle Larsen.}, edited by Jan Gerrit Dercksen, 100:511\uc0\u8211{}549. Leiden: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2006. \uc0\u8220{}Parysatis in Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}If a Man Builds a Joyful House: Assyriological Studies in Honor of Erle Verdun Leichty.}, edited by A.K. Guinan, M. Ellis, A.J. Ferrara, S. Freedman, M. Rutz, L. Sassmannshausen, S. Tinney, and Matt Waters, 463\uc0\u8211{}472. Leiden: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2007. \uc0\u8220{}Kasr Texts: Excavated - but not in Berlin?\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Studies presented to Robert D. Biggs, June 4, 2004.}, edited by Martha Roth, F. Farber, Matthew Wolfgang Stolper, and P. Bechtolsheim, 27:243\uc0\u8211{}283. Chicago: The Oriental Institute.\
Stone, P.G., and J.F. Bajjali, eds. 2008. {\i{}The destruction of Cultural Heritage in Iraq.} unknown.\
Stoops, G. 1994. \uc0\u8220{}Petrographic study of red floor fragments from the palaces at Babylon and Susa.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Cinquante-deux reflections sur le Proche-orient ancien offertes en hommage \uc0\u224{} L\uc0\u233{}on de Meijer.}, edited by Herrmann Gasche, Michel Tanret, and C. Degraeve, 2:477\uc0\u8211{}486. Leuven: unknown.\
Strassmaier, J.N. 1885. {\i{}Die babylonischen Inschriften im Museum zu Liverpool.} Leiden: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1889a. {\i{}Inschriften von Nabonidus, K\uc0\u246{}nig von Babylon (555-538 v. Chr.).} Vol. {\i{}1\uc0\u8211{}4}. Leipzig: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1889b. \uc0\u8220{}Inschriften von Nabopolassar und Smerdis.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Zeitschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Assyriologie} 4: 106\uc0\u8211{}152.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1889c. {\i{}Inschriften von Nabuchodonosor, K\uc0\u246{}nig von Babylon (604-561 v. Chr.).} Vol. {\i{}5\uc0\u8211{}6}. Leipzig: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1890a. {\i{}Inschriften von Cambyses, K\uc0\u246{}nig von Babylon (529-521 v. Chr.).} Vol. {\i{}8\uc0\u8211{}9}. Leipzig: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1890b. {\i{}Inschriften von Cyrus, K\uc0\u246{}nig von Babylon (538-529 v. Chr.).} Vol. {\i{}7}. Leipzig: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1892. {\i{}Inschriften von Darius, K\uc0\u246{}nig von Babylon (521-485 v. Chr.).} Vol. {\i{}10\uc0\u8211{}12}. Leipzig: unknown.\
Streck, M. 1916. {\i{}Assurbanipal und die letzten assyrischen K\uc0\u246{}nige bis zum Untergange Niniveh\uc0\u8217{}s.} Vol. {\i{}7}. Leipzig: J.C. Hinrichs.\
Streck, M. 2002. \uc0\u8220{}Der Wiederaufbau Babylons unter Asarhaddon und Assurbanipal in Briefen aus Ninive.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Altorientalische Forschungen} 29: 205\uc0\u8211{}233.\
Strohmaier, G. 2011. \uc0\u8220{}\uc0\u7716{}arr\uc0\u257{}n: die Stadt des Sin in islamischer Zeit.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon. Wissenskultur in Orient und Okzident.}, edited by Eva Cancik-Kirschbaum, Joachim Marzahn, and Margarete Ess, 1:305\uc0\u8211{}315. Berlin: Walter Gruyter.\
Strommenger, E. 1962. {\i{}F\uc0\u252{}nf Jahrtausende Mesopotamien.} M\uc0\u252{}nchen: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1964. \uc0\u8220{}Grabformen in Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Baghdader Mitteilungen} 3: 157\uc0\u8211{}173.\
Sweet, R. 1985. \uc0\u8220{}The date of the death of Ammiditana.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 41: 115\uc0\u8211{}117.\
Szel\uc0\u233{}nyi-Graziotto, K. 1996. \uc0\u8220{}Der Kult in Babylon in seleukidischer Zeit - Tradition oder Wandel?\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Hellenismus. Beitr\uc0\u228{}ge zur Erforschung von Akkulturation und politischer Ordnung in den Staaten des hellenistischen Zeitalters.}, edited by B. Funck, 171\uc0\u8211{}194. T\uc0\u252{}bingen: unknown.\
Szlechter, \uc0\u201{}. 1958. {\i{}Tablettes juridiques de la Ire dynastie de Babylone conserv\uc0\u233{}es au Mus\uc0\u233{}e d\uc0\u8217{}Art et d\uc0\u8217{}Histoire de Gen\uc0\u232{}ve, I-II.} Paris: unknown.\
Tadmor, H. 1998. \uc0\u8220{}Nabopolassar and Sin-shum-lishir in a Literary Perspective.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Festschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Rykle Borger zu seinem 65. Geburtstag am 24. Mai 1994: tikip santakki mala basmu}, edited by Stefan Mario Maul, 10:353\uc0\u8211{}357. Groningen: Brill.\
Tallqvist, K.L. 1890. {\i{}Die Sprache der Contrakte Nab\uc0\u251{}-n\uc0\u226{}\uc0\u8217{}ids (555-538 v. Chr.).} Helsingfors: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1914. {\i{}Neubabylonisches Namenbuch zu den Gesch\uc0\u228{}ftsurkunden aus der Zeit des \uc0\u352{}ama\uc0\u353{}\uc0\u353{}umuk\uc0\u238{}n bis Xerxes.} Helsinki: unknown.\
Tanret, M., and L. Dekiere. 1996. \uc0\u8220{}Un esclave est vendu.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Revue d\uc0\u8217{}Assyriologie et d\uc0\u8217{}Arch\uc0\u233{}ologie Orientale} 90: 161\uc0\u8211{}169.\
Taylor, J. 2008a. \uc0\u8220{}Babylon, Jerusalem and the Jewish Exile.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon: Myth and Reality.}, edited by Irving L. Finkel and Michael Seymour, 142\uc0\u8211{}149. London: British Museum.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008b. \uc0\u8220{}Die britischen Forschungsreisenden im 19. Jahrhundert.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon Wahrheit.}, edited by Joachim Marzahn and G\uc0\u252{}nter Schauerte, 57\uc0\u8211{}62. M\uc0\u252{}nchen: Hirmer.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008c. \uc0\u8220{}Les explorateurs britanniques au XIXe si\uc0\u232{}cle.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 508\uc0\u8211{}512. Paris: Hazan.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008d. \uc0\u8220{}Neo-Babylonian kings at Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon: Myth and Reality.}, edited by Irving L. Finkel and Michael Seymour, 66\uc0\u8211{}73. London: British Museum.\
Teixidor, J. 2008. \uc0\u8220{}La Babylone au tournant de l\uc0\u8217{}\uc0\u232{}re.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 378\uc0\u8211{}382. Paris: Hazan.\
Temin, P. 2002. \uc0\u8220{}Price Behaviour in Ancient Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Explorations in Economic History} 39: 46\uc0\u8211{}60.\
Tena, F.B., M.B. Garc\uc0\u237{}a, A.G. Bach, C.T. Dacasa, and O.V. Campos, eds. 2012. {\i{}Broadening Horizons 3. Conference of Young Researchers Working in the Ancient Near East.} Bellaterra: unknown.\
Thompson, J.R.F. 1963. \uc0\u8220{}The Rich Manuscripts.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}British Museum Quaterly} 27: 18\uc0\u8211{}23.\
Thureau-Dangin, F. 1921. {\i{}Rituels accadiens.} Paris: unknown.\
Tomabechi, Y. 1985. \uc0\u8220{}Architecture.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 41: 84\uc0\u8211{}93.\
Tragbar, K. 2008. \uc0\u8220{}Zwischen Berlin und Pergamon.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Auf dem Weg nach Babylon.}, edited by Ralf B. Wartke, 162\uc0\u8211{}175. Mainz: Zabern.\
Trenkwalder, H. 1979a. \uc0\u8220{}Some remarks on the name Esagila.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 35: 236\uc0\u8211{}233.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1979b. \uc0\u8220{}Some remarks on the place name Babil.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 35: 240\uc0\u8211{}237.\
Trenkwalder-Piesl, H. 1985. \uc0\u8220{}The procession street of Marduk in Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 41: 36\uc0\u8211{}40.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1999. \uc0\u8220{}Preliminary Report on the 14th season work in Borsippa.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 49: 97\uc0\u8211{}103.\
Tsukimoto, A. 1990. \uc0\u8220{}A New Esarhaddon Prism Fragment Concerning the Restoration of Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Annual Review of the Royal Inscriptions of Mesopotamia Project} 8: 63\uc0\u8211{}69.\
Tvedt, T., and T. Oestigaard, eds. 2014. {\i{}Water and urbanization.} Vol. {\i{}III. 1}. London: I.B. Tauris.\
Uehlinger, C. 1999. {\i{}Weltreich und \uc0\u8220{}eine Rede\uc0\u8221{}. Eine neue Deutung der sogenannten Turmbauerz\uc0\u228{}hlung (Gen 11,1-9).} Vol. {\i{}101}. Fribourg: unknown.\
Ulf, C., and R. Rollinger, eds. 2004. {\i{}Commerce and Monetary Systems in the Ancient World: Means of Transmission and Cultural Interaction.} Vol. {\i{}6}. Stuttgart: unknown.\
Unger, E. 1924. \uc0\u8220{}Die autogenen Urkunden der assyrischen F\uc0\u252{}rsten aus Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Archiv f\uc0\u252{}r Keilschriftforschung} 2: 19\uc0\u8211{}27.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1970. {\i{}Babylon: Die Heilige Stadt nach der Beschreibung der Babylonier.} Berlin & Leipzig: unknown.\
Ungnad, A. 1907a. {\i{}Neubabylonische Kontrakte I.} Vol. {\i{}3}. Leipzig: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1907b. {\i{}Neubabylonische Kontrakte II.} Vol. {\i{}4}. Leipzig: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1908a. {\i{}Neubabylonische Kontrakte III.} Vol. {\i{}5}. Leipzig: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1908b. {\i{}Neubabylonische Privaturkunden.} Vol. {\i{}6}. Leipzig: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1915. {\i{}Babylonian letters of the Hammurapi period.} Vol. {\i{}7}. Philadelphia: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1935. \uc0\u8220{}Babylonische Familiennamen.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Miscellanea orientalia\uc0\u8239{}: dedicata Antonio Deimel annos LXX complenti.}, edited by Pontificio Istituto biblico, 12:319\uc0\u8211{}326. Rom: Pontificio Istituto Biblico.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1936. \uc0\u8220{}Der \uc0\u228{}lteste Vertrag aus dem Archiv der Familie Napp\uc0\u257{}\uc0\u7723{}u in Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Orientalia} 5: 121\uc0\u8211{}126.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1941. \uc0\u8220{}Das Haus Egibi.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Archiv f\uc0\u252{}r Orientforschung} 14: 57\uc0\u8211{}64.\
Vaan, J.M.C.T. 1995. {\i{}\uc0\u8220{}Ich bin eine Schwertklinge des K\uc0\u246{}nings\uc0\u8221{}. Die Sprache des Bel-ibni.} Vol. {\i{}242}. unknown.\
Vallat, F. 1989. \uc0\u8220{}Le palais d\uc0\u8217{}Artaxerxes II \uc0\u224{} Babylone.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Northern Akkad Project Reports (NAPR), Volume 2.}, edited by L. Meyer and Herrmann Gasche, I/2:3\uc0\u8211{}6. Gent: unknown.\
Valle, P. 2001. {\i{}In viaggio per l\uc0\u8217{}Oriente. Le mummie, Babilonia, Persepoli, (with an introduction by A. Invernizzi).} Vol. {\i{}1}. Alexandria: unknown.\
Vanderhooft, D.S. 1999. {\i{}The Neo-Babylonian Empire and Babylon in the Latter Prophets.} Vol. {\i{}59}. Atlanta, GA: unknown.\
Vargyas, P. 2000. \uc0\u8220{}Silver and Money in Achaemenid and Hellenistic Babylonia.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Assyriologica et semitica.}, edited by Joachim Marzahn, Hans Neumann, and Andreas Fuchs, 252:513\uc0\u8211{}521. M\uc0\u252{}nster: Ugarit Verlag.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2001. \uc0\u8220{}A History of Babylonian Prices in the First Millennium BC. 1. Prices of the Basic Commodities.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Heidelberger Studien zum Alten Orient} 10.\
Veenhof, K., ed. 1986. {\i{}Cuneiform Archives and Libraries.} Vol. {\i{}57}. Leiden: unknown.\
Veldhuis, N. 1998. \uc0\u8220{}TIN.TIR = Babylon, the Question of Canonization and the Production of Meaning.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Journal of Cuneiform Studies} 50: 77\uc0\u8211{}85.\
Vernay-Nouri, A. 2008. \uc0\u8220{}Babylone dans la tradition arabe.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 390\uc0\u8211{}391. Paris: Hazan.\
Volk, K. 1989. {\i{}Die Balag-Komposition \uc0\u250{}ru \uc0\u224{}m-ma-ir-ra-bi: Rekonstruktion und Bearbeitung der Tafeln 18 (19\uc0\u8216{}ff.), 19, 20 und 21 der sp\uc0\u228{}ten, kanonischen Version.} Vol. {\i{}18}. Stuttgart: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1999. \uc0\u8220{}Eine weitere Nebukadnezar II. Backstein-Inschrift. 1999/22.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nouvelles Assyriologiques Br\uc0\u232{}ves et Utilitaires} 1999\uc0\u8211{}2: 23-.\
V\uc0\u246{}lling, E. 1998. \uc0\u8220{}Bemerkungen zu einem Onyxfund aus Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 130: 197\uc0\u8211{}221.\
Wachtsmuth, F. 1913. \uc0\u8220{}Bericht \uc0\u252{}ber die Grabungen an und auf der Prozessionstrasse und in der Hauptburg des Kasr.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 51: 22\uc0\u8211{}23.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1914. \uc0\u8220{}Berichte \uc0\u252{}ber die Grabungen an der Prozessionstrasse und in der Haupburg des Kasr.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 53: 31\uc0\u8211{}40.\
Waerzeggers, C. 2001. {\i{}Het archief van Marduk-r\uc0\u275{}manni.} Gent: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2003. \uc0\u8220{}The Babylonian Revolts Against Xerxes and the \uc0\u8216{}End of Archives\uc0\u8217{}.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Archiv f\uc0\u252{}r Orientforschung} 50: 150\uc0\u8211{}173.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2006. \uc0\u8220{}Neo-Babylonian Laundry.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Revue d\uc0\u8217{}Assyriologie et d\uc0\u8217{}Arch\uc0\u233{}ologie Orientale} 100: 83\uc0\u8211{}96.\
W\uc0\u228{}fler, M. 1985. \uc0\u8220{}Points of view to the triangulation of Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 41: 16\uc0\u8211{}18.\
Wahab, S. 1979. \uc0\u8220{}Some preliminary results of the geological survey in Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 35: 163\uc0\u8211{}162.\
Walker, C. 1972. {\i{}Miscellaneous Texts.} Vol. {\i{}51}. London: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1978. \uc0\u8220{}Texts and Fragments.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Journal of Cuneiform Studies} 30: 234\uc0\u8211{}250.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1980. \uc0\u8220{}Some Mesopotamian Inscribed Vessels.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Iraq} 42: 84\uc0\u8211{}86.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1981. {\i{}Cuneiform Brick Inscriptions.} London: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1997. \uc0\u8220{}Achaemenid Chronology and the Babylonian Sources.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Mesopotamia and Iran in the Persian Period.}, edited by John Curtis, 17\uc0\u8211{}25. London: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2005. \uc0\u8220{}Astronomical Texts.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Literary and Scholastic Texts of the First Millennium B.C.}, edited by I. Spar and Wilfried Lambert, 2:315\uc0\u8211{}345. New York: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008. \uc0\u8220{}Babylonian chronology and Nebuchadnezzar\uc0\u8217{}s destruction of Jerusalem.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon: Myth and Reality.}, edited by Irving L. Finkel and Michael Seymour, 146-. London: British Museum.\
Walker, C., and M. Dick. 2001. {\i{}The Induction of the Cult Image in Ancient Mesopotamia: The Mesopotamian M\uc0\u299{}s P\uc0\u238{} Ritual.} Vol. {\i{}1}. Helsinki: unknown.\
Wallenfels, R. 2008. \uc0\u8220{}A new stone inscription of Nebuchadnezzar II.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}From the Banks of the Euphrates: Studies in Honor of Alice Louise Slotsky.}, edited by Micah Ross, 267\uc0\u8211{}294. Winona Lake, IN: Eisenbrauns.\
Wartke, R.B. 1980. \uc0\u8220{}Vorderasiatische Gussformen aus den Staatlichen Museen zu Berlin.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Forschungen und Berichte} 20/21: 223\uc0\u8211{}258.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}, ed. 1994. {\i{}Handwerk und Technologie im Alten Orient.} Mainz: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}, ed. 2008a. {\i{}Auf dem Weg nach Babylon.} Mainz: Zabern.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008b. \uc0\u8220{}Robert Koldewey und Sendschirli - Eine Station auf dem Weg nach Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Auf dem Weg nach Babylon.}, edited by Ralf B. Wartke, 50\uc0\u8211{}69. Mainz: Zabern.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008c. \uc0\u8220{}Vorwort des Herausgebers.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Auf dem Weg nach Babylon.}, edited by Ralf B. Wartke, 5\uc0\u8211{}7. Mainz: Zabern.\
Wasserman, N. 2006. \uc0\u8220{}BM 29638: A New Ritual to Marduk from the Old Babylonian Period.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Zeitschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Assyriologie} 96: 200\uc0\u8211{}211.\
Watanabe, C. 2015. \uc0\u8220{}The symbolic role of animals in Babylon: A contextual approach to the lion, the bull and the mu\uc0\u353{}\uc0\u7723{}u\uc0\u353{}\uc0\u353{}u.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Iraq} 77: 215\uc0\u8211{}224.\
Wegener, U. 1995. {\i{}Die Faszination des Masslosen. Der Turmbau zu Babel von Pieter Bruegel bis Athanasius Kirchner.} Hildesheim & Z\uc0\u252{}rich: unknown.\
Weidner, E. 1916. \uc0\u8220{}Zur babylonischen Eingeweideschau.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Vorderasiatischen Gesellschaft} 21: 191\uc0\u8211{}198.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1939. \uc0\u8220{}Jojachin, K\uc0\u246{}ning von Juda, in babylonischen Keilschrifttexten.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}M\uc0\u233{}langes syriens offerts \uc0\u224{} Monsieur Ren\uc0\u233{} Dussaud par ses amis et ses \uc0\u233{}l\uc0\u232{}ves.}, edited by Francia. Haut-commissariat antiquit\uc0\u233{}s., 30:923\uc0\u8211{}935. Paris: P. Geuthner.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1941. \uc0\u8220{}Die astrologische Serie En\uc0\u251{}ma Anu Enlil.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Archiv f\uc0\u252{}r Orientforschung} 14: 172\uc0\u8211{}195.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1952a. \uc0\u8220{}Keilschriftexte nach Kopien von T. G. Pinches. Aus dem Nachlass ver\uc0\u246{}ffentlicht und bearbeitet. 1. Babylonische Privaturkunden aus dem 7. Jahrhundert v. Chr.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Archiv f\uc0\u252{}r Orientforschung} 16: 36\uc0\u8211{}46.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1952b. \uc0\u8220{}Keilschrifttexte aus Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Archiv f\uc0\u252{}r Orientforschung} 16: 71\uc0\u8211{}75.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1956. \uc0\u8220{}Ein Losbuch in Keilschrift aus der Seleukidenzeit.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Syria} 33: 175\uc0\u8211{}183.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1963. \uc0\u8220{}Die Masse von Esagil und Ezida.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Archiv f\uc0\u252{}r Orientforschung} 20: 116-.\
Weiersh\uc0\u228{}user, F., D. Shebata, and K.V. Zand, eds. 2010. {\i{}Von G\uc0\u246{}ttern und Menschen. Beitr\uc0\u228{}ge zu Literatur und Geschichte des Alten Orients. Festschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Brigitte Groneberg.} Vol. {\i{}41}. Leiden, Boston: Brill.\
Weinfeldt, M. 1991. \uc0\u8220{}Semiramis: Her Name and Her Origin.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Ah, Assyria ... Studies in Assyrian History and Ancient Near Eastern Historiography Presented to Hayim Tadmor.}, edited by M. Cogan and Israel Eph\uc0\u8217{}al, 33:99\uc0\u8211{}103. Jerusalem: unknown.\
Weingort, S. 1939. {\i{}Das Haus Egibi in neubabylonischen Rechtsurkunden.} unknown.\
Weisberg, D. 1980. {\i{}Texts from the Time of Nebuchadnezzar.} Vol. {\i{}17}. New Haven, CT: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2003. {\i{}Neo-Babylonian Texts in the Oriental Institute Collection.} Vol. {\i{}122}. Chicago: unknown.\
Weissbach, F. 1901a. \uc0\u8220{}Ein neuer Text des K\uc0\u246{}nings Nabopolassar (BE 14239; 14488; 14940; 14990).\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 10: 13\uc0\u8211{}17.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1901b. \uc0\u8220{}Umschriften und \uc0\u220{}bersetzungen.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 9: 11\uc0\u8211{}14.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1902. \uc0\u8220{}Aus Dr. Weissbach\uc0\u8217{}s beiden Abhandlungen.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 11: 13\uc0\u8211{}15.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1903. {\i{}Babylonische Miscellen.} Vol. {\i{}4}. Leipzig: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1904. {\i{}Das Stadtbild von Babylon.} Vol. {\i{}5,4}. Leipzig: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1933. \uc0\u8220{}review of Unger, Babylon, die heilige Stadt.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Zeitschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Assyriologie} 41: 255\uc0\u8211{}287.\
Welten, P. 1998a. \uc0\u8220{}Babylon und Berlin. Geschichte und Wirkungsgeschichte eines biblischen Motivs.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Berliner Theologische Zeitschrift} 15: 234\uc0\u8211{}251.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1998b. \uc0\u8220{}Babylon und Berlin. Geschichte und Wirkungsgeschichte eines biblischen Motivs.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Berliner Theologische Zeitschrift} 15. Jahrgang, Heft 2/1998: 234\uc0\u8211{}251.\
Werr, L.A.-G., J. Curtis, H. Martin, A. McMahon, J. Oates, and J. Reade, eds. 2002. {\i{}Of Pots and Pans. Papers on archaeology and history of Mesopotamia and Syria presented to David Oates in honour of his 75th birthday.} London: NABU Publications.\
Westenholz, A. 1975. {\i{}Early Cuneiform Texts from Jena.} Kopenhagen: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2007. \uc0\u8220{}The Graeco-Babyloniaca again.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Zeitschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Assyriologie} 97: 262\uc0\u8211{}313.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008. \uc0\u8220{}The Graeco-Babyloniaca Once Again.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Zeitschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Assyriologie} 98: 262\uc0\u8211{}313.\
Westenholz, J.G. 1996a. \uc0\u8220{}Babylon - Place of Creation of the Gods.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Royal Cities of the Biblical World.}, edited by Joan Goodnick Westenholz, 196\uc0\u8211{}220. Jerusalem: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}, ed. 1996b. {\i{}Royal Cities of the Biblical World.} Jerusalem: unknown.\
Weszeli, M. 1996a. \uc0\u8220{}Eseleien.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Wiener Zeitschrift f\uc0\u252{}r die Kunde des Morgenlandes} 86: 461\uc0\u8211{}478.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1996b. \uc0\u8220{}Zu BM 85367 und BM 85576. 1996/20.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nouvelles Assyriologiques Br\uc0\u232{}ves et Utilitaires} 1996\uc0\u8211{}1: 14-.\
Weszeli, M., and H. Baker. 1997. \uc0\u8220{}Eseleien II.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Wiener Zeitschrift f\uc0\u252{}r die Kunde des Morgenlandes} 87: 231\uc0\u8211{}247.\
Wetzel, F. 1910. \uc0\u8220{}Berichte \uc0\u252{}ber die Grabungen an der Sachn.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 44: 19\uc0\u8211{}26.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1912. \uc0\u8220{}Berichte \uc0\u252{}ber die Grabungen an der S\uc0\u252{}dburg des Kasr.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 49: 12\uc0\u8211{}15.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1913a. \uc0\u8220{}Bericht \uc0\u252{}ber die Grabungen an der S\uc0\u252{}dburg des Kasr und am Turm von Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 51: 23\uc0\u8211{}24.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1913b. \uc0\u8220{}Berichte \uc0\u252{}ber die Grabungen auf dem Kasr S\uc0\u252{}d.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 51: 16\uc0\u8211{}20.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1914a. \uc0\u8220{}Aus den Berichten aus Babylon. April 1913 bis Februar 1914: Berichte \uc0\u252{}ber die Grabungen an der S\uc0\u252{}dseite des Kasr sowie am Turm von Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 53: 17\uc0\u8211{}20.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1914b. \uc0\u8220{}Berichte \uc0\u252{}ber die Grabungen an der s\uc0\u252{}dlichen Inneren Stadtmauer.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 53: 20\uc0\u8211{}30.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1931. \uc0\u8220{}Der Perserbau im Westen der S\uc0\u252{}dburg.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 69: 14\uc0\u8211{}16.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1942. \uc0\u8220{}Babylon in der Sp\uc0\u228{}tzeit.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 79: 3\uc0\u8211{}7.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1944. \uc0\u8220{}Babylon zur Zeit Herodots.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Zeitschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Assyriologie} 48: 45\uc0\u8211{}68.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1950a. {\i{}Babylon bei den klassischen Schriftstellern ausser Herodot.} Vol. {\i{}82}. unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1950b. \uc0\u8220{}Babylon bei den klassischen Schriftstellern au\uc0\u223{}er Herodot.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 82: 47\uc0\u8211{}53.\
Wetzel, F., and K. M\uc0\u252{}ller. 1911. \uc0\u8220{}Berichte \uc0\u252{}ber die Grabungen an der Sachn, den Arachtu-Mauern und Esagila.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 45: 17\uc0\u8211{}23.\
Wetzel, F., E. Schmidt, and A. Mallwitz. 1957. {\i{}Das Babylon der Sp\uc0\u228{}tzeit.} Vol. {\i{}62}. Berlin: unknown.\
Wetzel, F., and E. Unger. 1930. {\i{}Die Stadtmauern von Babylon.} Vol. {\i{}48}. Leipzig: unknown.\
Wetzel, F., and F. Weissbach. 1938. {\i{}Das Haupheiligtum des Marduk in Babylon, Esagila und Etemenanki.} Vol. {\i{}59}. Leipzig: unknown.\
Whiting, R., and S. Parpola, eds. 2002. {\i{}Sex and Gender in the Ancient Near East.} Vol. {\i{}47}. Helsinki: unknown.\
Wieseh\uc0\u246{}fer, J. 2000. \uc0\u8220{}Kontinuit\uc0\u228{}t oder Z\uc0\u228{}sur? Babylon unter den Achaimeniden.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon: Focus mesopotamischer Geschichte, Wiege fr\uc0\u252{}her Gelehrsamkeit, Mythos in der Moderne.}, edited by Johannes Renger, 2:167\uc0\u8211{}188. Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cken: Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cker SDV.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2002. \uc0\u8220{}Kontinuit\uc0\u228{}t oder Z\uc0\u228{}sur: Babylonien unter den Achaimeniden.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Religion und Religionskontakte im Zeitalter der Ach\uc0\u228{}meniden.}, edited by Reinhard G. Kratz, 22:29\uc0\u8211{}47. G\uc0\u252{}tersloh: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2005. \uc0\u8220{}Daniel, Herodot und \uc0\u8216{}Dareios der Meder\uc0\u8217{}: Auch ein Beitrag zur Idee der Abfolge von Weltreichen.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Von Sumer bis Homer. Festschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Manfred Schretter zum 60. Geburtstag am 23. Februar 2004.}, edited by Robert Rollinger, 325:647\uc0\u8211{}653. M\uc0\u252{}nster: Ugarit Verlag.\
Wieseh\uc0\u246{}fer, J., R. Rollinger, and G.B. Lanfranchi, eds. 2011. {\i{}Ktesias\uc0\u8217{} Welt / Ctesias\uc0\u8217{} World.} Wiesbaden: Harrassowitz.\
Wilcke, C. 1985. \uc0\u8220{}The law of sale and the history of Babylon\uc0\u8217{}s neighbours.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 41: 74\uc0\u8211{}77.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1990. \uc0\u8220{}review of H. Klengel, VS 22.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Zeitschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Assyriologie} 80: 297\uc0\u8211{}306.\
Wilhelm, G. 1990. \uc0\u8220{}Marginalien zu Herodot Klio 199.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Lingering over Words.}, edited by Tzvi Abusch, W. Moran, John Huehnergard, and Piotr Steinkeller, 37:505\uc0\u8211{}524. Atlanta: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}, ed. 1997. {\i{}Die orientalische Stadt: Kontinuit\uc0\u228{}t, Wandel, Bruch.} Vol. {\i{}1}. Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cken: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1998a. \uc0\u8220{}1898-1917: Babylon. Stadt des Marduk und Zentrum des Kosmos.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Zwischen Tigris und Nil. 100 Jahre Ausgrabungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft in Vorderasien und \uc0\u196{}gypten.}, edited by Gernod Wilhelm. Mainz: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}, ed. 1998b. {\i{}Zwischen Tigris und Nil. 100 Jahre Ausgrabungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft in Vorderasien und \uc0\u196{}gypten.} Mainz: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008. \uc0\u8220{}La \uc0\u8216{}querelle Babel et la Bible.\uc0\u8217{}\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylone.}, edited by B\uc0\u233{}atrice Andr\uc0\u233{}-Salvini, 526\uc0\u8211{}528. Paris: Hazan.\
Wilson, S. 1810. {\i{}Extract from a Journal kept during a Journey to the Ruins of Babylon, Unpublished. British Library Add. Ms. 26602.} London: unknown.\
Winckler, H. 1890. {\i{}Historische Texte des neubabylonischen Reiches.} Vol. {\i{}3/2}. Berlin: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1904. {\i{}Geschichte der Stadt Babylon.} Vol. {\i{}6,1}. Leipzig: unknown.\
Winkler, H. 1982. \uc0\u8220{}Grundwasserprobleme in Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Mitteilungen der Deutschen Orient-Gesellschaft} 114: 129\uc0\u8211{}138.\
Winter, I.J., and W.W. Hallo, eds. 2001. {\i{}Seals and Seal Impressions.} Vol. {\i{}45}. Bethesda, MD: unknown.\
Wiseman, D.J. 1956. {\i{}Chronicles of Chaldean Kings (656-626 B.C.) in the British Museum.} London: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1983. \uc0\u8220{}Mesopotamian gardens.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Anatolian Studies} 33: 137\uc0\u8211{}144.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1985. \uc0\u8220{}Babylon and Ashur: centres of ancient learning.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq} 41: 60\uc0\u8211{}62.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1991. \uc0\u8220{}Babylonia 605-539 B.C.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}The Assyrian and Babylonian Empires and Other States of the Near East, from the Eighth to the Sixth Centuries BC}, edited by I.E.S. Edwards, C.J. Gadd, N.G.L. Hammond, and E. Sollberger, Volume 3, Part 2:229\uc0\u8211{}251. Cambridge: unknown.\
Wittmann, B. 1992. \uc0\u8220{}Babylonische Rollsiegel des 11.-7. Jahrhunderts v. Chr.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Baghdader Mitteilungen} 23: 269\uc0\u8211{}289.\
Woods, C. 2004. \uc0\u8220{}The Sun-god tablet of Nab\uc0\u251{}-apla-iddina revisited.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Journal of Cuneiform Studies} 56: 23\uc0\u8211{}103.\
Wunsch, C. 1988. \uc0\u8220{}Zur Entwicklung und N\uc0\u252{}tzung privaten Grossgrundbesitzes in Babylonien w\uc0\u228{}hrend des 6. Jh. v.u.Z. nach dem Archiv des \uc0\u7788{}\uc0\u257{}bija.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Papers on the Ancient Near East Presented at International Conference of Socialist Countries.}, edited by V. Soucek and P. Vavrou\uc0\u353{}ek, 1:361\uc0\u8211{}378. Prague: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1993. {\i{}Die Urkunden des babylonischen Gesch\uc0\u228{}ftsmannes Iddin-Marduk. Zum Handel mit Naturalien im 6. Jahrhundert v. Chr., I-II.} Vol. {\i{}3a\uc0\u8211{}3b}. Groningen: STYX.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1995. \uc0\u8220{}Die Frauen der Familie Egibi.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Archiv f\uc0\u252{}r Orientforschung} 42/43: 33\uc0\u8211{}63.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1997a. \uc0\u8220{}Die Jugends\uc0\u252{}nden eines Babyloniers aus gutem Hause.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Altorientalische Forschungen} 24: 231\uc0\u8211{}241.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1997b. \uc0\u8220{}Kollation der in BOR 4 publizierten neubabylonischen Urkunden. 1997/58.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nouvelles Assyriologiques Br\uc0\u232{}ves et Utilitaires} 1997\uc0\u8211{}2: 53\uc0\u8211{}56.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1997c. \uc0\u8220{}Neu- und sp\uc0\u228{}tbabylonische Urkunden aus dem Museum von Montserrat.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Aula Orientalis} 15: 139\uc0\u8211{}194.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1997d. \uc0\u8220{}Und die Richter berieten ... Streitf\uc0\u228{}lle in Babylon aus der Zeit Neriglissars und Nabonids.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Archiv f\uc0\u252{}r Orientforschung} 44/45: 59\uc0\u8211{}100.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1999. \uc0\u8220{}The Egibi Family\uc0\u8217{}s Real Estate in the Babylon (6th Century BC).\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Urbanization and Land Ownership in the Ancient Near East.}, edited by M. Hudson and B. Levine, 7:391\uc0\u8211{}419. Cambridge, MA: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2000a. {\i{}Das Egibi-Archiv I. Die Felder und G\uc0\u228{}rten.} Vol. {\i{}20 A/B}. Groningen: STYX.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2000b. \uc0\u8220{}Die Richter des Nabonid.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Assyriologica et semitica.}, edited by Joachim Marzahn, Hans Neumann, and Andreas Fuchs, 252:557\uc0\u8211{}597. M\uc0\u252{}nster: Ugarit Verlag.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2000c. \uc0\u8220{}Neubabylonische Gesch\uc0\u228{}ftsleute und ihre Beziehungen zu Palast- und Tempelverwaltungen: Das Beispiel der Familie Egibi.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Interdependency of Institutions and Private Entrepreneurs. Proceedings of the Second MOS Symposium.}, edited by A.C.V.M. Bongenaar, 87:95\uc0\u8211{}118. Leiden: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2000d. \uc0\u8220{}Neubabylonische Urkunden: Die Gesch\uc0\u228{}ftsurkunden der Familie Egibi.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon: Focus mesopotamischer Geschichte, Wiege fr\uc0\u252{}her Gelehrsamkeit, Mythos in der Moderne.}, edited by Johannes Renger, 2:343\uc0\u8211{}364. Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cken: Saarbr\uc0\u252{}cker SDV.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2002a. \uc0\u8220{}\uc0\u8216{}Du hast meinen Sohn geschlagen!\uc0\u8217{}\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Mining the Archives. Festschrift for Christopher Walker on the Occasion of His 60th Birthday.}, edited by Cornelia Wunsch, 1:355\uc0\u8211{}364. Dresden: ISLET.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2002b. \uc0\u8220{}Debt, Interest, Pledge and Forfeiture in the Neo-Babylonian and Early Achaemenid Period: The Evidence from Private Archives.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Debt and Economic Renewal in the Ancient Near East.}, edited by M. Hudson and Marc Mieroop, 221\uc0\u8211{}255. Bethesda, MD: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}, ed. 2002c. {\i{}Mining the Archives. Festschrift for Christopher Walker on the Occasion of His 60th Birthday.} Vol. {\i{}1}. Dresden: ISLET.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2003a. \uc0\u8220{}Findelkinder und Adoption nach neubabylonischen Quellen.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Archiv f\uc0\u252{}r Orientforschung} 50: 174\uc0\u8211{}244.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2003b. {\i{}Urkunden zum Ehe-, Verm\uc0\u246{}gens- und Erbrecht aus verschiedenen neubabylonischen Archiven.} Vol. {\i{}2}. Dresden: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2005. \uc0\u8220{}The \uc0\u352{}ang\uc0\u251{}-Ninurta archive.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Approaching the Babylonian Economy.}, edited by Michael Jursa and Heather Baker, 330:365\uc0\u8211{}379. M\uc0\u252{}nster: Ugarit Verlag.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2007. \uc0\u8220{}The Egibi Family.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}The Babylonian World.}, edited by G. Leick, 236\uc0\u8211{}247. New York & London: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2008. \uc0\u8220{}Geld- und Kreditwirtschaft in neubabylonischer Zeit.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Babylon Wahrheit.}, edited by Joachim Marzahn and G\uc0\u252{}nter Schauerte, 443\uc0\u8211{}448. M\uc0\u252{}nchen: Hirmer.\
Yassi, N.B.H. 1987. \uc0\u8220{}Archaeomagnetic Work in Iraq.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sumer: A Journal of Archaeology and History in Iraq}: 70\uc0\u8211{}80.\
Youkhanna, D.G. 2008. \uc0\u8220{}Die Fortf\uc0\u252{}hrung der Feldforschungen in Babylon.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Auf dem Weg nach Babylon.}, edited by Ralf B. Wartke, 148\uc0\u8211{}161. Mainz: Zabern.\
Zablocka, J., and S. Zawadski, eds. 1993. {\i{}Everyday Life in Ancient Near East.} Vol. {\i{}4}. Pozn\uc0\u225{}n: unknown.\
Zadok, R. 1977. {\i{}On West Semites in Babylonia During Chaldean and Achaemenian Periods. An Onomastic Study.} Jerusalem: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1985. {\i{}Geographical Names According to New- and Late-Babylonian Texts.} Vol. {\i{}8}. Wiesbaden: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1997a. \uc0\u8220{}Review of Sigrist, M. et al., Catalogue of the Babylonian Tablets in the British Museum 2.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Archiv f\uc0\u252{}r Orientforschung} 44/45: 293\uc0\u8211{}306.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1997b. \uc0\u8220{}Two N/LB documents from the British Museum. 1997/11.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nouvelles Assyriologiques Br\uc0\u232{}ves et Utilitaires} 1997\uc0\u8211{}1: 10\uc0\u8211{}13.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2000a. \uc0\u8220{}An early Neo-Babylonian sale document. 2000/2.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nouvelles Assyriologiques Br\uc0\u232{}ves et Utilitaires} 2000\uc0\u8211{}1: 1\uc0\u8211{}3.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2000b. \uc0\u8220{}Notes on Babylonian geography. 2000/3.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nouvelles Assyriologiques Br\uc0\u232{}ves et Utilitaires} 2000\uc0\u8211{}1: 3\uc0\u8211{}8.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2003. \uc0\u8220{}The Representation of Foreigners in Neo- and Late-Babylonian Legal Documents (Eighth through Second Centuries B.C.E.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Judah and the Judeans in the Neo-Babylonian Period.}, edited by O. Lipschits and J. Blenkinsopp, 471\uc0\u8211{}589. Winona Lake, IN: unknown.\
Zawadski, S. 1990. \uc0\u8220{}Ein wichtiger Fehler in der neubabylonischen Chronik BM 21946 und seine Folgen: das Kr\uc0\u246{}nungsdatum Nebukadnezars II.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Altorientalische Forschungen} 17: 100\uc0\u8211{}106.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1993. \uc0\u8220{}Political Situation in Babylonia during Amel-Marduk\uc0\u8217{}s Reign.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Everyday Life in Ancient Near East.}, edited by Julia Zablocka and Stefan Zawadski, 4:309\uc0\u8211{}317. Pozn\uc0\u225{}n: unknown.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1994a. \uc0\u8220{}Bardiya, Darius and Babylonian Usurpers in the Light of the Bisitun-Inscription and Babylonian Sources.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Arch\uc0\u228{}ologische Mitteilungen aus Iran} 27: 127\uc0\u8211{}145.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1994b. \uc0\u8220{}The First Persian Journey of Itti-Marduk-bal\uc0\u257{}\uc0\u7789{}u.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Arch\uc0\u228{}ologische Mitteilungen aus Iran} 27: 123\uc0\u8211{}126.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 1995. \uc0\u8220{}The Circumstances of Darius II\uc0\u8217{}s Accession in the light of BM 54557 as against Ctesias\uc0\u8217{} Account.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Jaarbericht van het Vooraziatisch-Egyptisch Gezelschap} 34: 45\uc0\u8211{}49.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2000. \uc0\u8220{}Zazannu and \uc0\u352{}u\uc0\u353{}an in the Babylonian texts from the archive of the S.\uc0\u257{}\uc0\u7723{}it gin\uc0\u234{} family.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Variatio Delectat. Iran und der Westen. Gedenkschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Peter Calmeyer.}, edited by Reinhard Dittmann, 272:723\uc0\u8211{}744. M\uc0\u252{}nster: Ugarit Verlag.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2001. \uc0\u8220{}New Data Concerning High Offices from the Neo-Babylonian Period. 2001/60.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nouvelles Assyriologiques Br\uc0\u232{}ves et Utilitaires} 2001\uc0\u8211{}3: 57\uc0\u8211{}59.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2005a. \uc0\u8220{}A Neo-Babylonian text concerning the work in the Ninmah temple. 2005/8.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nouvelles Assyriologiques Br\uc0\u232{}ves et Utilitaires} 2005\uc0\u8211{}1: 7\uc0\u8211{}8.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2005b. \uc0\u8220{}\uc0\u352{}ama\uc0\u353{} visit to Babylon. 2005/9.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nouvelles Assyriologiques Br\uc0\u232{}ves et Utilitaires} 2005\uc0\u8211{}1: 8\uc0\u8211{}9.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. 2009. \uc0\u8220{}The Archive of the Rab\uc0\u226{}-\uc0\u353{}a-Ninurta Family from Babylon: Business and Family Relations as Revealed by BM 55482.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Here & There. Across the Ancient Near East: Studies in Honour of Krystyna \uc0\u321{}yczkowska.}, edited by O. Drewnowska, 271\uc0\u8211{}281. Warsaw: unknown.\
Ziegler, L. 1942. \uc0\u8220{}Tonk\uc0\u228{}stchen aus Uruk, Babylon und Assur.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Zeitschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Assyriologie} 47.\
Zimmern, H. 1925. \uc0\u8220{}Assyrische chemisch-technische Rezepte, inbesonders f\uc0\u252{}r die Herstellung farbiger glasierter Ziegel, in Umschrift und \uc0\u220{}bersetzung.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Zeitschrift f\uc0\u252{}r Assyriologie} 36: 177\uc0\u8211{}208.\
}